**john**:
Theyre so bad that theyre just like, You know what Im done like, Uh. They mentioned on the whiz on the return to autos that they mentioned, Um, League of extraordinary Gentlemen.

**john**:
That was so bad.

**jason**:
Yeah, its very bad.

**john**:
I was like, I retire.

**jason**:
Yep, so I am here next week so I can host again.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Great.

**jason**:
But then the week after, I am not IM in Japan.

**jason**:
Then I am back for a week.

**john**:
Uh, minus, huh?

**jason**:
And then the week after, I am not IM in India. Yeah, okay, work thing, work thing, yeah, Indias a work thing, yeah, twentyfive hour each way.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, yeah, where can we go, yeah?

**jason**:
Noida Its a part of Delhi, apparently its the new Microsoft canvas. And yeah, and as of, uh, yesterday I now report directly to Sarah, the head of Xbox. And now I have like a multi minus hundred person team in India, I have to deal with it. So, yeah, some parts, yes, other parts No, so what s this here? Uh, so like, basically like all of our like our services like back minus end like services like, you know, like when you go buy something, its like that s the thing that charges your credit card, that s the thing you know. So its like stuff like that, so its like, I dont even like theyre like, were gonna show you demos of all of our work. I dont even want to fucking see how this shit Ive always wanted to go. Ive never been No, no. The only person I know whove been is, uh, Brandon, who, uh uh, stayed in a temple that had a, uh, Brandon, Yeah, but Im just making a joke. I dont want to move to India, but like when you remember when Brandon claimed that he was moving to India, No, no, no, no, um, uh, what was Brandons last name? He worked at? Scarecrow. Yeah, did you ever hear this story?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I dont think so that s what he was working on.

**jason**:
He he, he was like.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I think he left because he was at the chocolate factory.

**jason**:
Yeah, he was at the theo, he was at Theo, yeah.

**rich**:
No, not yet. I mean, only for a short time, because the job of the factor was a job he had after Scarecrow.

**jason**:
So he had, like, told us the story where he was like, Im going to go to India and Im going to visit this temple. Where there s a palm leaf with each person, s name on it on Earth and were like, All right.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
What?

**jason**:
Like we dont see him for like two years, and then later we see him and its like. He never went to India. I think its, like he and his girlfriend, like, moved to like it.haca for a while. You know, or something like that. Yeah, right, Yeah, yeah, exactly, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Common sense.

**rich**:
Let s just say the razor s edge was a little too sharp, right?

**jason**:
And then.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
He.

**jason**:
Gave me like this weird, like Nazi war game that he found in his basement at home. Remember this, he still has it. Yeah, yeah, ill have to pick it up, yeah. Then he gave me like Comp Group of Ninetynine or whatever she was like, What is this? I was looking at old Nazi war games on eBay that s a really great one. No, no, no, I mean, like, not like an a five Nazi. But there is no way to say that inside a stadium without it being fucked up. Yeah, that s true, a novel came out in the seventy second, called Escape from Colditz With.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Uh, minus, huh, you know, prison appearance for them. And a guy escaped multiple times, and he wrote a book about it, and then they made it a board game based on his book.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
So you can beat him and its like the layout of Colditz, and so youre like its like. One person plays the guard and the other person plays like a prisoner trying to escape, and its This is trauma. And youre like, All right, what if are you out during midwinter break?

**jason**:
Uh yeah, that s the week after now.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, so that will also be up.

**jason**:
Oh okay, okay, Gotcha, so well, cancel that one.

**erik**:
Okay, all right, uh, quick recap. Telcave Tel Cave, a day later found by the Tel cave, also found later on. When you guys visited, right, also found later on when you guys visited.

**jason**:
Yeah, yeah.

**erik**:
Yes, killed a snake well, half killed a snake, the other half was rich. This is the problem that were all why were in the Middle East. Uh, this is the camp that Youre currently in.

**jason**:
Yeah, uh, we went looking for the two people that we found killed like we had their identities. Yep, that s right.

**erik**:
So you went to the headquarters, which I think is up here. Yeah, and after finding out that the person who, um, that youre, uh, you saw photographs like a big posters plastered on the like, Uh, the the boards that were put up around construction sites and, uh, it had pictures of Israeli soldiers shooting Palestinians. That were the guys that you saw in front of the cave and the picture was taken when they were in front of the cave. And you guys all got headaches, and then you went to the, Um, you went and found out that they that the Palestinians did live here, you went to a coffee shop to ask around, and while there you guys, uh. A mollusk saw photographs on the wall that smelled a ton like sugar cookies. And, um, you learned that the Palestinians were Hamas, the ones who had died, and you learned that, um, the person who took the pictures. Her name is Danielle Houston and she is Western, and that she, um, uh, is here as a photojournalist. And that she has been around the camp for some time, so you guys believe that she lives in the camp, you guys, you know that there is around the outside. There is housing for people who are not refugees, like aid worker housing and that s where the journalists would be housed in one of those facilities. You guys went to go look, but as you exited the cafe, you were in this space.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, right, right?

**erik**:
You were right here and from over here. You saw a woman on the roof and she looked at Bruce and smiled and then took a picture. And the whole thing became ruins right and was blocked off by a wall. And there was a British soldier here and he told you guys to arm up and he pointed you at a weapons locker. And it was just hand grenades. And then you guys had to decide, would you throw hand grenades over the wall? Or not, as people were trying to beat down the wall and you decided not to, um, and instead you decided to disarm the British soldier, who was shooting at the wall, waiting for them to get through. You wrestled the gun from him. And then, um, the people broke through the wall, and they turned out to be Palestinian refugees from the modern era. And so I think were all caught up. I think that s where we took over, I am because were kind of later in the game. I will start by just pulling some bricks. Come on now.

**jason**:
While youre doing that, I have a question for you.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Please.

**jason**:
And I dont remember this from the letters, but maybe it was in there.

**jason**:
Was this the world, or was it a different game? You played? Where we like visited that office and that woman had like there was different photographs in it and, like soldiers, attacked the office. Yeah, yeah, that was in this one.

**erik**:
All right, that was when you were investigating the theater.

**jason**:
Yeah, okay, okay, all right, Im just trying to its reminding me of this.

**rich**:
Right, right?

**jason**:
Oh, that s right, that s right, its. So this is, I dont know, it just kind of reminded me of the phone up there like.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Nearly like that.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
All right.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, does that relate into your background, I mean.

**rich**:
No, I mean, maybe, but I mean, you know.

**erik**:
So I will remind you all that there is now. You can see again the artillery fires and the bursts, and there s gunshots in the distance because the Israeli army is invading. And that will add one pull to any pulls you do.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, that s right?

**erik**:
Yeah, what do you guys? So the any other questions you have is fine, if not what you guys do.

**rich**:
So were were like, just so we all know where were at were in that. Like cul, minus de minus sac room, whatever with a wall of gone.

**rich**:
Modern day is the British soldier with us.

**john**:
Yes, he hes like, knocked out.

**erik**:
Yeah, that s.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Right, yeah, he.

**rich**:
Was like, Wounded, Yeah, right?

**john**:
Yeah, we have JJ.

**erik**:
You have JJ who s your interpreter. Yeah, that s right, yes.

**rich**:
Was he with us in the room, like in our group, was he like? So he experienced what we experienced.

**john**:
Yeah, because we asked him to try and talk to the people on the other side of the wall.

**erik**:
Yeah, that s right, yep.

**jason**:
I guess we should try to make contact with these Palestinian refugees, try to talk to them.

**john**:
Because were like, face to face with them now.

**jason**:
Yeah, yeah, yeah, theyre in.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Here.

**rich**:
Yeah, I mean, they were banging on a wall, right?

**erik**:
So they are like, You know, theyre very excited, yeah.

**jason**:
There s a reach out.

**erik**:
Yeah, and theyre.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
You?

**erik**:
Know, so Theyre talking to JJ and JJ is talking back and this happens for a few minutes.

**erik**:
And then he says, Um, you know, theyre all locals who live very close by and they were in the area, of course, because I mean, this is very highly populated. And when the walls showed up, they just freaked out and didnt know what happened and saw the coffee shop. And, you know, get blocked off. And so they knocked on the wall and came in.

**rich**:
Makes sense.

**rich**:
We should probably do something with this guy.

**jason**:
Yeah, ID sort of ask JJ like, Well, what are they saying?

**erik**:
Uh, so I mean, theyre just want to know what happened, and where did these walls come from?

**jason**:
Yeah, we want to know, too.

**erik**:
Yeah, and who is this dude who s laying on the ground dressed like a cosplayer?

**jason**:
So I want to tell J.J. like, Can you just tell them that we are just as confused as they are?

**jason**:
Like we dont know.

**erik**:
Right, so he lets you know that Hes already conveyed this. Okay, yeah, all right, yeah, so so theyre kind of like theyre good theyre. You know, if they knew they would be very grateful, you guys didnt throw hand grenades at them. Yeah, and um.

**rich**:
Yep, uh, from where we are, could we still like we could see where the the photograph the photograph was taken from is still up there. Yep, yep, and theyre gone.

**erik**:
Theyre gone, Yep.

**rich**:
Should we go up there and check that area out to see if there s any, uh, trail? And or are we in the area where the theyre already in the area where their, um, housing is?

**erik**:
I mean, Youre in the village where the housing is, but were not in the back area yet. Though no, so you are, give me a second you I used to know.

**andrew**:
I think we should go there, right?

**erik**:
Yeah, so I mean, you.re definitely walking distance the whole camp s walking distance.

**john**:
We were going to go, we got a tip of like, where the journalists hold up.

**rich**:
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

**john**:
Were going to go try and record or find them there to talk to them.

**erik**:
That s right, so what you know is, you know that theyre going to be in one of these Western housing blocks. And there s only like four in the city. So you definitely within a day will be able to go at least look and see what you can find about all four.

**andrew**:
No, theyre not like ten minute theyre like.

**erik**:
No, I mean, yeah.

**rich**:
I mean, maybe, like its probably ten minute, maybe to walk across the whole thing just to get up and start flying.

**erik**:
Yeah, yeah, so like, imagine its imagine its like a twenty thirty minute walk to each one with, like, you know, blockages and everything.

**rich**:
Yeah, and we also dont know, like where they live in the block, so we may know the one they hang out at, but we dont know their.

**rich**:
Their apartment number, so to speak.

**erik**:
Okay, so is that where you guys go?

**rich**:
Well, do you want to do anything with this guy because we probably like he probably needs medical attention and or?

**jason**:
I feel like once Youve traveled through time, we dont have like humanitarian responsibilities that s pretty much there. Like Youre already a man out of time. All clockwheels are dead, all those old ones are dead.

**erik**:
So here s what I would say. You guys can all hear you guys all hear the voice of Anthony Pizzarelli in your head. When you think about the guy, Yes, that s exactly right.

**rich**:
All right, do we want any covenants from him? I thought he did his ear.

**john**:
He had any cougar on.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, maybe.

**erik**:
So definitely Delta Green would prefer that people dont discover that hes actually from the past, but likely people will probably find him to be crazy. So like, I think this is your call.

**john**:
I would say, I dont, I think killing him would be more trouble than its more. I think we could. If the rabble has kind of calmed down now, they dont perceive us as a threat. I think we could have JJ relate to them. You know, Hey, this man doesnt speak your language, hes.

**jason**:
Heavily concussed.

**john**:
Yeah, hes suffering from some sort of flu, or I mean not flu, some sort of, you know, hes having some sort of episode.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, so.

**erik**:
Okay, so there s a back and forth, as he describes this to people. And and you can see somebody from the administration of the camp walk up who s also Arabic.

**erik**:
And they talk for a second, too. And hes like pointing, and then J.J. turns to you guys and Hes like. So he wants to know why hes dressed in ancient British military garb.

**rich**:
Because he was cosplaying, he came out here to recreate Hes a big. He was a history fan.

**john**:
Hes very eccentric, he he has a big YouTube following.

**jason**:
Hes an influencer.

**john**:
Its part of the psychosis and part of why if? When it comes to, he will probably believe that he is like that.

**erik**:
Okay, I was gonna make you make a poll, but I feel like again, I feel like he pulled it off. All right. Uh, so the administration guy says that hell take the British soldier to the infirmary.

**jason**:
Great, great.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
All right.

**john**:
Like, feel free to keep him today. Yeah, he might.

**jason**:
Maybe he probably needs to be put in a medically induced coma.

**john**:
Im guessing the surplus is about to shut down. Yeah, I think hes the right person.

**erik**:
Sure, so theyll maybe, like, maybe Theyll give him morphine or something right. Yeah, some kind of relaxer.

**erik**:
All right, so what do you guys do now?

**jason**:
Well, I think we want to go start investigating the camp.

**jason**:
To learn about the two people, right?

**erik**:
Yep, okay, so you guys make your way towards the first housing block, and the structures are some, like. All the structures in the camp, are semi minus built, and there s a lot of tents. But by this point now, there s enough buildings around that. Its a decent mix the Western housing are is a little bit more, you know, finished. But its not like anybody comes here to live in luxury.

**erik**:
You get to a little, you know, scrub lawn with a collection of buildings kind of around it like a courtyard. And NJJ is like, All right, so this is the first facility, this is like the first housing block. What do you guys do?

**jason**:
Well, do we still have their IDs or pictures? The Palestinians Yeah, yeah, I mean, theyre all dead.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Right, and this is where were looking for the photographer.

**jason**:
Oh, were looking for the photographer. I thought we were just trying to were going to walk around, were going to go into like the Western eye. Oh okay, okay, Gotcha.

**john**:
The photographer usually travels with a journalist.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
That s right, okay?

**rich**:
Yep, so we can also find a journalist.

**jason**:
Right, so I think we can start saying their descriptions, so do you guys?

**erik**:
Go and walk and knock on doors.

**john**:
I would say we look for, you know, is there a canteen, is there some sort of like common area where people hang out? I would say we wouldnt go door to door if there were people milling around somewhere.

**erik**:
Okay, so not this. The housing block is just like four buildings, so there s no like Cantina, there are nearby coffee shops. You could ask there.

**rich**:
Yeah, okay, where s that cafe at, okay?

**erik**:
So you guys definitely hear the gunshots from the military combat starting to get closer. You guys go and you ask around. Everybody now is kind of in a rush and starting to leave and like thinking about, Okay. Is this now the time to evacuate the refugee camp or not? And so what do you like describe to me how youre asking people like, what youre asking you?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Know their names, right?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
You know, you definitely know the name of the photographer.

**rich**:
Yeah, exactly what?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Was her name Danielle Houston Yep.

**john**:
That Houston Like the Street in New York.

**erik**:
That s exactly right, yes.

**john**:
Didnt somebody tell us the name of the journalist, too?

**erik**:
Its very likely I will give it to you. His name is Will Short.

**jason**:
Like the puzzle master.

**erik**:
Like the puzzle Master. Or is he shorts?

**jason**:
Shorts Yeah, yeah.

**erik**:
Yeah, so you guys ask around to say, like, Hey, do you guys? Does anybody know if Daniel Houston and Will Shortz lives here?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
ID say we would look for, you know, Youre adding to see.

**jason**:
Yeah, yeah.

**john**:
Or people wearing, you know, press credentials, or like any sort of kind of anything that would identify them.

**erik**:
Oh, you definitely see a Westerner.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, yeah, ID, say, here we go for that, go up to them and say, Hey, were looking for a couple of Westerners that are. We, we were told, live here as journalists.

**erik**:
Uh, minus huh? And hes like, and so the person s like, Oh yeah, I, I mean, like, I know them. They checked into the facility. Im a doctor here.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, great.

**erik**:
Um, yeah, Uh, uh.

**jason**:
What was the last time you saw them?

**erik**:
I mean, like, probably a few days ago, not now, but like, Uh, yeah, I mean, I can tell you where they live. But, um, I just need to see some identification from you guys to know, like, you know, bad stuff happens here.

**rich**:
You dont need to see how many pools.

**erik**:
So, um, fifteen pools.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Well, I.

**jason**:
Think we have pretty good credentials, right? Yeah, we actually sacrificed a bunch of pools to get good credentials. You did, right, so yeah.

**jason**:
So I think, well, show those okay.

**erik**:
So, uh, yeah, you show the credentials, and, um, uh, hes like, Oh, you guys are, are with the UN.

**erik**:
Yeah, are you here because of the thing?

**jason**:
What thing?

**erik**:
The gas attack and the Israeli military coming.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

**jason**:
What do you, what do you know about it?

**erik**:
Uh, Ive been like, I treated several several people for, Um.

**jason**:
Oh, what were their symptoms?

**erik**:
Uh, joking, Right, hes like so when you, when you breathe in chlorine gas.

**erik**:
Uh, the chlorine gas reacts with the liquid in your alveoli and creates hydrochloric acid inside your lungs. So, uh, nausea, vomiting, blisters on the skin on the outside where youre sweating. Um, and then, um, and then you start to drown in your own blood.

**rich**:
I, I just asked him, is, is, has he experienced other gas attacks before in his like?

**erik**:
No, never, no, no like this was very much very on the job training, really.

**john**:
Did you recognize any of the people from from camp?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, definitely did.

**jason**:
Anybody survive.

**erik**:
Oh yeah, there were people who got minor attacks and just had the vomiting, or maybe more, but it could be.

**jason**:
But it was all from the gas as it kind of floated into camp, no one who was on site.

**erik**:
That s right and the gas didnt actually float into camp. These were people who were out there laboring around. Yeah, yeah, okay.

**john**:
Yeah, youre not necessarily expecting to deal with a World War I era.

**erik**:
No, I barely get anesthetic at this place, so, yeah, yeah, treat.

**john**:
Your chlorine gas is against the Geneva convention.

**erik**:
It is absolutely I got some G convention.

**jason**:
Not that that I was gonna say, Is that really a hard and fast rule these days?

**jason**:
Uh, okay, well, if you could point us to the direction of their where they where they live, thatd be awesome.

**erik**:
Hes like, Yeah, definitely, and hes like he and he says, like, Yeah, okay, so, and he points to it. And, um, well, say its this building right over here.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, great.

**erik**:
And he says, Like, if you go there, its the very its, the one on the very end. Um, and both Will and Danielle, both you know that s where they both stay. Okay, great, you guys start walking there, and, um, uh, now you start to see you like. Hear gunfire close enough and you start to see people running through the streets with AK minus Fortyseven second.

**jason**:
Are they running towards us like Theyre running away from something that s ahead of us?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
No, theyre just trying to escape. Yeah, theyre just going to like, Yeah, yeah, okay, not an immediate attack, okay?

**andrew**:
Theyre not like, Okay, who has the Um who like runs the camp?

**erik**:
So it is an international aid organization.

**rich**:
I live in NJO.

**erik**:
They dont know, these are people who live at the camp who, um, have smuggled them in. Yeah, no, this is not like, No, this is not official camp resistance. Yes, um, you can hear sirens go off around the camp now, which is probably like a general evacuation. And, um, all right, uh, you get to the next intersection, and as you get there, you guys can hear, and, um, gunshots, go off in your vicinity. So Im going to ask each of you to draw a card and one of you to make a poll.

**andrew**:
Whose card do you want?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
God damn it.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Alright, just make.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
One.

**jason**:
That is the way to dangle Dangles. Alright, just make one, make seventeen pulls, okay, that s a plus one, okay that s a plus two, that s really fun. What if there is no tomorrow? Yes, yeah, you need to think about that that s your computer. I gotta do this in the middle or I can do this and I can do this like this right? Yeah, you can put it in, however you want just that wasnt the problem. Remember, as Rich said, though, the more we do that, the higher the tower gets. Well. I just couldnt fit it without bumping stuff around. You know, you can move there. Oh, you can. Oh yeah, the only, yeah, go ahead, go ahead. Yeah, just its fine. For this time. You can use two hands because we were clarifying.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
The rules?

**jason**:
Okay, great.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh God, no, all right, all right.

**erik**:
That s one pull great, okay, Andrew, okay, you guys duck and cover and, um, and you duck into an alleyway in the alleyway. You see a dead British soldier, and he definitely, Um. He definitely died horrifically because, like most of the upper half of his body is gone.

**erik**:
Or I dont know about Gone, but well, say so mutilated that it doesnt bear much resemblance to a human body from the top half anymore.

**andrew**:
This is like colonial.

**erik**:
Yeah, British, you look down and you see a piece of metal sticking out of his boot. That barbed wire its not you dont know what it is, but its not barbed wire.

**jason**:
I will look at the barb.

**rich**:
So its a spy boot with its finger grip blades.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, I go look at it.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
All right.

**jason**:
Here s the boot.

**rich**:
I learned another working over the summer and I made my boots.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
All right.

**erik**:
Go ahead and pull it out.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Wait, what?

**rich**:
Its a metal thing. You have to pull it out, it has.

**erik**:
A metal thing in the boot.

**jason**:
Its a spoon.

**rich**:
A mess spoon.

**jason**:
Yeah, that, says Bill Davies.

**andrew**:
Is it carved, yes?

**rich**:
So his spoon his, uh, his, uh, his ration spoon.

**erik**:
So, um, Andrew, from your, you know, being being a.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Siad.

**rich**:
But also might not have named.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, so, yeah.

**jason**:
Now we know his name, so being.

**erik**:
A military guy.

**john**:
Food, Um?

**erik**:
You know, World War once the first, the first war where, um, uh. More than half of the deaths by combat by combat are caused by artillery. And so this is the first time where there s like really a real risk of people dying and not knowing. Like, who s this dead body. And did this guy really die or didnt they? And so the British soldiers took up the practice of carving their names in their spoons and them in their boots. It is the early prototype invention of dog tags.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Really, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
No idea.

**jason**:
Yeah, now I know.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yep, yeah, we dont, I guess we didnt like, check the name or ID of the other.

**erik**:
Mine core.

**rich**:
Not that it would be him, but.

**rich**:
Might as well keep track of the dead soldiers become a crown.

**andrew**:
So we can retroactively tell their great grandkids.

**jason**:
Oh yeah, we can look it up, oh.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
You?

**john**:
Yeah, for sure.

**jason**:
Well, yeah.

**rich**:
I mean, like, I mean, did he? Did he die in in in reality, right right? Just now, right? And now its like that line just.

**jason**:
Disappear, right, yeah.

**erik**:
I think that s a good note to put on your list for things to analyze when youre not in the middle of a war. Well, hes dead.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Right, he is beyond dead, he is rich. As you guys are looking at the spoon in the body, you hear a click.

**jason**:
Like under me, no, like from.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Is it a camera or am I?

**erik**:
It is a camera and you turn around and you see somebody leaving the alley, the entrance to the alleyway.

**rich**:
As you guys are looking at the spoon in the body.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
You hear a click like under me.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
No.

**erik**:
From like, Is it a camera or am I? It is a camera and you turn around and you see somebody leaving the alley, the entrance to the alleyway and where they walk and like it. But as they do that, the, um, the alleyway, um, you hear.

**rich**:
And I im like everyone, get down.

**erik**:
All right, and an artillery shell lands in the alleyway. And everybody make just one pull, just one pull two would be too deadly. So if?

**andrew**:
Shes or the photographer s capturing stuff there s no way the artillery shell is already that close, like if its field of view, you know, are you?

**erik**:
Using logic, I mean, you could.

**rich**:
Yeah, but I mean, if were dealing with, like magic science, you know, like just the subjects that like, possibly just the subjects that are in the field of view.

**rich**:
Of the camera are being shunted back in time at a moment, so what s happening beyond that is is inconsequential.

**andrew**:
True that.

**rich**:
Its already happening.

**andrew**:
Okay, okay.

**rich**:
And at that, at that geographic spot at a different time.

**andrew**:
So what if she has a telescopic lens, though?

**rich**:
Again, its its A, its the, its the the field of view. So then, that she.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Could.

**rich**:
Just do what shes doing from further away. Okay, maybe again, I have no idea if that s what s happening. Im just kidding, I think maybe.

**andrew**:
And that s why youre writing the next Benson Moorhead movie.

**john**:
Which one should you go ill go last? She has to go through a turnstile to be able to execute a temporal perspective.

**erik**:
Oh, there s a movie I need to show my son.

**john**:
Does he like movies that fucking RIP? I think so.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
What movies is it?

**erik**:
He was moved to it. Yeah, he oh. His middle school exemplar was most likely to be the next Christopher Nolan, which just because hes a fan, not because hes actually a director. Yeah, hes a huge fan. Dunkirk is up there for him.

**rich**:
I saw Dunkirk three times in the theater, I love that movie, it was so good.

**erik**:
It was so good.

**john**:
I felt really proud I took my dad to see Dunkirk at the Pacific Science Center IMAX. He is a World War II Nut and was a naval aviator. We walked out that was really loud.

**erik**:
Yeah, like from the guy that flew Jets, yeah.

**john**:
Good to know, but he loved it, that s.

**erik**:
That s great, all right. You guys all dive out of the way and the shell hits and you are expecting a giant explosion and definitely rocks are thrown up in the air. But its also definitely not an explosive shell its A its A corner gap shell.

**rich**:
At first, IM.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Like.

**rich**:
Oh, its a dud, and then im like, Oh, no.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
No, its an error.

**john**:
I might try and use my special ability.

**john**:
If I theoretically know how to, uh, contain or defeat chlorine Gas.

**john**:
I dont know if one can.

**erik**:
Um, so here s what you know, um, and you dont need to use a special duty for it. Ill. Just say, you know this, um, the.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
When youre charitable like that, it makes me very familiar.

**erik**:
Um, chlorine. Gas is heavier than air. And so the best way to trap it would be to find some way to like, uh, collect it, like in what is effectively a giant bowl.

**john**:
You could do that. Are we still near your cafe? Yeah, sure, find like a carafe or something to.

**erik**:
And youre gonna.

**john**:
Pop on top of it, go.

**erik**:
Put it on top, Yeah, sure, youre gonna need like a big soup pot, but sure, sure, great, all right, um, go ahead and make a, uh, pull. So two pulls to do that without getting chlorine gas too much.

**john**:
IM getting chlorine gas too much.

**erik**:
We can get a little chlorine. So what are you guys doing while, uh, while Mollusk is trying to save civilians?

**jason**:
I am looking around for the one with the camera.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, great, yep.

**erik**:
Yep, um, it is now total pandemonium with the artillery shell just being like IM.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Like shoving people like.

**rich**:
In the modern times again.

**erik**:
Yes, absolutely, yeah, I am.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Like.

**jason**:
Pushing people aside to try to like, run to where I saw her.

**jason**:
Like, I dont care about being polite.

**erik**:
Yeah, okay, that s great, so go ahead. And, um, um, uh, when Johns done, you can make a poll.

**erik**:
And um, if you do, then, um, so its two polls, and if you do, then you are successful.

**jason**:
Oh.

**erik**:
So you will definitely be successful if youre not dead.

**john**:
None of it feels good.

**jason**:
None of it feels good, no man.

**andrew**:
Remember your ability?

**erik**:
Jason, You run out and youre shoving through people and its A crowd, and you hear now, like, because that s so much pandemonium. Somebody s panicking up on a rooftop and shooting down into the crowd. And because I think there s Israeli soldiers here now, and so youre like dodging bullets and you flop your way out of the crowd.

**john**:
Oh God, Im so sorry, no, youre not.

**jason**:
Youre not youre reveling in this.

**erik**:
I wouldnt have killed us if that was like the last one from that. As you pop out of the crowd, you see her in a doorway and she is clearly waiting until she can see one of you.

**erik**:
And she sees you and she looks at you and she goes, and then she disappears into the building and you lose her.

**jason**:
So shes not a child anymore, but she she just like tucks her body in, she doesnt like.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
No, she tucks her body in her.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Body.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
And shes like.

**erik**:
I mean, early twenties, for sure.

**andrew**:
Okay, yeah, what is her like? Like? Obviously, I mean, not playing the character, because these were different characters for most of us, I think, but we can like, kill her, right? We should kill her for the organization.

**rich**:
Well, I mean, I dont think, I mean, we know shes a person of interest in what s going on.

**rich**:
We may want to know something about what she has to say before we kill her.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Can we take her perspective? You can take the shot okay, perspective, remove the threat, yeah, and try to hide that its happening. Yeah, that s what all he cares about.

**andrew**:
This is the first of the children weve ever been, like you can kill them, because just because that s the one s hip.

**rich**:
Well, we dont have children this isnt necessarily directly related to.

**andrew**:
You smell fucking sugar cookies.

**jason**:
When she disappeared to the building, like, I can go in the building after you cant, Okay, Im gonna go in. But its a very crowded building. She doesnt want to sit on this. Yeah, right over his heart, her red heart. Was that one of the things the kids did with it with it with it Red Heart, its white.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Thought and white teeth, Red thought Okay, so that heart, damn it, damn it.

**erik**:
Was supposed to get a prop from Jacob that I forgot.

**jason**:
Its prop from WHO?

**erik**:
Jacob.

**jason**:
Oh, did he make something?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I mean.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
He.

**erik**:
Made he did much the making of the spoon, uh, and, uh, but he had something.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
He pulled him out.

**erik**:
Yes, in a Halloween costume that Ive been, you know, ill tell you.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, okay.

**jason**:
He was like a World War One.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yes, um, so its red thoughts, and, yeah, yeah, its not her. It was red. I was thinking, I read that, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yep, okay, Im going in the building, Im going out.

**erik**:
Okay, so you, yeah, I mean, like its a crowded building.

**erik**:
And its also in pandemonium. And you just lose her.

**jason**:
There s like, no hope, there s no hope. Okay, that s good, though I thought of something way Dumber Im, blow up the building, it does remind me of one.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Of.

**jason**:
My favorite DD moments was when we were playing with Mike Herring and we were in the basement of an inn. And, like some people, drew a sort of end, and Mike just goes like, I cast fireball. Everyone, just like incinerates like everyone s now in a burning building, like all the innocents, are like dying.

**andrew**:
I just got to smell that.

**jason**:
Yeah, you had gotten to smell that smell. Yeah, exactly its like right away.

**erik**:
All right, hes gone, you guys, um, the the whole refugee camp is pandemonium by this point.

**rich**:
Uh, are we still were heading toward her?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yes, right, Yep, yep, that s true should.

**rich**:
We still keep going there because I dont know if its like, there might be something.

**jason**:
Yeah, Im separated from you guys now. So like, I feel like I have to do work to find them like I know where the place is. But like, Im like, Yeah, like, you guys just saw me leave and.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Go.

**rich**:
Yeah, Im also dealing with, Yeah, yeah, yeah, trying to stop. Put a soup thing on top of a burger, right? Because we dont want everyone around here to eat the cake. Yeah, right, def. We dont have any other places of interest at this point. I dont think so either. The only other thing would be looking. Going after the journalist that she worked with, yeah, would be the other person of interest that we have in track down specifically. Yeah, but they live in the same place, they say they live in the same place. Yeah, so maybe theyre there, maybe Theyre bought in there, so if they head there, Im going to. I give up and I start heading there too. Okay, great, wonderful, okay, so you guys all meet up at the location, and so here.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
You are, you see, the collection of housing units.

**john**:
It looks.

**erik**:
Just like the last one.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
You?

**erik**:
Were at identical, wrapped around a courtyard. The building that you were told by the doctor is the the.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Place where she is Jeff or Trap.

**erik**:
Jeff Or traps, you see, walking out of the building a middle minus aged mid minus Fifties white guy carrying a suitcase and a laptop case. And hes exiting the door that you guys were about to go approach.

**rich**:
Yeah, what s the name of the journalist?

**john**:
Will short.

**rich**:
Short, that s right, like the puzzle guy.

**john**:
Like the puzzle guy.

**rich**:
Uh, we try this like, Hey, will he turns? and then, Yeah, yeah, do it, yeah. Pretend that were there to grab him like for official here, know about that.

**jason**:
I think saying, Hey, will see if he reacts.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, yeah, how far away are we?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Whatever thirty foot.

**erik**:
All right, you guys shout, Hey Will, and he definitely turns around and he looks at you and hes like, Do I know you guys?

**john**:
Not yet.

**erik**:
Hes like, Well, uh, can I suggest you all leave? With all due haste, the place is about to explode.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Why?

**rich**:
Do you say that? why do you think that is?

**erik**:
I mean, its clear that if for him, sorry, he says, because there s options there for him, he says. Because I think the Israelis are about to bash this place down any moment now.

**jason**:
Well, we would leave, but we are looking for a friend of yours who s a photographer, do you know where she is?

**erik**:
Danielle Yes, you just missed her. She was just there.

**jason**:
Where did she go?

**john**:
Im not totally sure, I dont know.

**jason**:
Are you too close?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Hes like, I mean, like, Yeah, Yeah, yeah, were close, yeah.

**jason**:
She cares about you.

**erik**:
Yeah, we definitely.

**jason**:
I say We fucking bundle this guy into our fucking car and were gonna go take him out of the desert and were gonna torture him. What we want, yeah, exactly exactly, were out of time. Where are you, where are you headed?

**erik**:
Uh oh, Im headed actually to the closest checkpoint, cross the border.

**jason**:
Well, take you there, weve got a car.

**john**:
Yeah, very fast, very reliable.

**jason**:
And a good translator driver.

**erik**:
He looks at your translator and he goes, JJ.

**jason**:
There you go, JJ.

**erik**:
Is like, Uh, Mr. Shorts, its good to see you. Hes like our all right great, Uh, let s go, let s get in the car, great.

**jason**:
Yeah, I know Im not ready to bundle them up into the trunk. Yeah, uh hey, we probably should get at Danielle. do you know, like, where s, where we could pick her up?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
More gunfire.

**jason**:
All right, I think we bundle up, get in the car, get out of here with him.

**erik**:
I mean, you can talk to him in the car, for sure.

**jason**:
Yeah, that s where well start.

**erik**:
Yeah, okay, uh, all right, go ahead.

**jason**:
Im serious about this one were going to fucking break his bones. Im not doing this one, Im doing this one this time.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, huh, Oh my God, you just got to Vegas, Oh my God.

**jason**:
Oh, what do I have to do now?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
That s one more person.

**andrew**:
Why does God hate us anyway?

**john**:
I think we should take him in the back and bring all the Funners that s what I do when Im not making money. I.M. a destitute immigrant.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
That s.

**erik**:
Right, exactly, Hes like so as you guys were talking. And as gunfire starts to break out in the neighborhood, hes like, Oh my God, Danielle.

**erik**:
I didnt pick up her laptop. Somebody should go get it.

**john**:
Let s do it.

**erik**:
All right, who wants to go in and get it versus running for the car?

**rich**:
Im going to get it all right, go ahead, Im running for it, go ahead.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
That s two pulls, or or or you can burn your bond.

**rich**:
I mean, not yet. There might be a time when, but yeah.

**erik**:
Yeah, just wait.

**jason**:
What s that?

**andrew**:
I know you got a no pull on there.

**jason**:
A. No pull its my special ability. Oh, I know I used it last session.

**erik**:
You didnt use it last session, all right, so that s one okay rich runs into the building. You see little holes open up in the walls from the gunfire. You see the laptop, you grab it and you run out. You guys book your way to your car. And now youre all in the car trying to wake your way out of the village. But by now you kind of ran to this side of the village. Which means that there s not so much of an active shooter situation, its still a few blocks away.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
More of a passive shooter, more of a passive shooter.

**erik**:
Uh, all right, uh, what do you guys want to do in the car?

**john**:
I think were gonna keep talking to, Uh, to.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Will.

**john**:
Yeah, um, you know, is there?

**erik**:
Should you guys have explained that youre with the U.N.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, okay, I.

**rich**:
Pop up on the laptop.

**jason**:
Yeah, start looking at it.

**erik**:
All right, um, yeah.

**jason**:
And if he, yeah, as will.

**erik**:
Yeah, he looked here and hes like, What are you doing with that? and?

**jason**:
I just, I just look at him and I just say, were not part from the branch of the U.N. youre imagining.

**erik**:
Okay, great, um, uh, uh.

**john**:
We have reason to believe that Danielle is in very serious trouble, it is.

**jason**:
Causing much of the serious trouble.

**erik**:
Hes like, Look, I, I, their little camera.

**john**:
He doesnt know about that.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Or does he Im not going to ask him?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
About.

**jason**:
Her magic camera? But I am going to say.

**john**:
All right, so put it this way, if if we say shes in trouble, he goes, Oh, they want to help her. If we say shes causing trouble, they go, Oh, they want to kill her. Okay, that may be true.

**jason**:
I just want to fast forward to that part.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, so you had your chance.

**erik**:
So he he looks at you and hes like, clearly uncertain about the situation now, um, and go ahead and make a pull.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Me.

**erik**:
Yeah, to convince him.

**rich**:
Oh, okay, which part, yeah.

**erik**:
This is actually my big problem with dread. Is there s no non minus dangerous resolution mechanics?

**jason**:
Oh, you just asked us not to take a pull.

**erik**:
I could just give you the answer.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I could have done that.

**jason**:
Ooh, that s going to cause our doom.

**erik**:
Okay, he hes like, Look, I. I know there s been some weirdness with her lately, but like, I think youre overblowing the situation.

**john**:
What kind of weirdness?

**erik**:
I dont know, like Shes taken pictures lately and theyre the pictures she comes back with are more unusual than recently.

**jason**:
What s an example?

**erik**:
Uh, you know, she has a knack for finding Old World War I memorabilia that is uncanny.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, have you ever asked her why, How? how is she fighting World War I?

**erik**:
Hes literally, well minus preserved World War I memorabilia hes like You have not met Danielle, have you?

**jason**:
No, no, tell us all about her.

**erik**:
So when she was, I dont know, I dont know, actually. But at some point in her past, she must have had a stroke because she almost entirely cant talk.

**jason**:
Ive been around a few people like that, mainly children.

**rich**:
Yeah, Ive been like this in ASl this.

**john**:
Is please okay, um? And.

**jason**:
That s what were trying to do.

**erik**:
Hes like, Look, yeah, she, um, like, wow. It was super touch and go at the beginning, cause like she could barely talk, but she takes the most unbelievable. Pictures like, of course, like, How does somebody who can barely do it get a job at the Free Press? Its like, You know, that s that s pretty hard. She had like a interpreter guide that she used that helped her talk. Yeah, um, yeah.

**john**:
The interpreter guy.

**erik**:
You know, she, his name was Philippe, he was a French guy or.

**john**:
You dont like him.

**erik**:
Yeah, he ran some kind of interpreter service, and yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
All right, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
So youre where?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Hey, will.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Please, please, anyway, will.

**jason**:
When she runs away from the Chlorine Gas machine gun infested camp that were fleeing from, where do you think shes going to go?

**erik**:
Well, shes been taking a ton of pictures of this, um, tourist attraction lately. And she keeps saying that its being used as an Israeli hideout is.

**jason**:
It a cave its.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
A cave.

**erik**:
Something like that, Yes, yeah, yeah, definitely something like that.

**erik**:
Rich, what are you doing?

**rich**:
Im looking at the key IM checking out the level.

**jason**:
Yeah, hes hacking.

**rich**:
Well, I mean, obviously, I dont know, Im just saying, if anything, s Open, not everybody puts a A You know.

**erik**:
Yeah, one, two, three, four, yes, um, okay, you open it and uh, yeah, uh, or pull, okay, I mean, like, if it does not explode. If you want to try to get past her password, um, I will let you make a pull.

**erik**:
All right, so that s its two because of the okay, all right. So, uh, so rich is looking and and Andrew is like, Um, Im sorry. And Crocs, who s driving is a little distracted by what s going on on the on his computer. And, um, there s a checkpoint up ahead, Andrew and its definitely some guerrilla warfare long bearded Islamic guys.

**andrew**:
Do you, what do you try to do? Is there like, Is it a bottleneck or is there? Can I like? Could I potentially swerve around them?

**rich**:
It wouldnt happen at a time.

**andrew**:
Oh, sorry, I was just trying to like, Save time. How many other cars have, like either gone or like, queued up or have gone or?

**erik**:
There s like a queue of like, five or six cars.

**erik**:
Yeah, and its piling it up pretty quickly.

**andrew**:
Okay, uh, I dont know, guys, I think we should just like follow suit because Shes yeah, shes going the same route anyways, right?

**john**:
And we have, we can have JJ talk to them.

**erik**:
Yeah, okay, she wait in line. Yep, okay, you wait in line and as you do, um, uh, uh, its thumper that s real sensitive. Yes, so thumper, Um, you open the laptop and, um, literally her password is password. Yeah, and you get in and you guys make it through the checkpoint. J.J. talks his way through it for you guys. Uh, okay, this. This laptop is almost certainly mostly used for casual gaming. Okay, um, who you? You do open up the browser and there s not a lot of browser history, and what you see is kind of like YouTube. Um, there definitely are some image sites that that this person has gone to that look photography related like fine photography, um, their deviant art account. Yeah, you, you check Gmail and.

**jason**:
We got our first visit of the night.

**erik**:
Hello.

**jason**:
How tall that is.

**erik**:
Yeah, it is in bad shape. You check Gmail and its extremely empty, but there are like eight or nine emails very short where the sender is. Uh, Philip Roth at Scribe Life for Twenty Dot Com.

**jason**:
All right, just taking things from my bookshelf now, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
And also get Lee Yeah, yeah.

**erik**:
Okay, so that s what you find, uh, you guys are, where are you headed?

**jason**:
Uh, where does will think we should go?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Uh.

**jason**:
He knows this area better than we do, you know, Will agrees. Its a safe place we could. We want to go to wherever Danielles probably going to go.

**erik**:
So he.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Also.

**erik**:
Wants to go get Danielle.

**jason**:
Yeah, right, were online.

**erik**:
Yeah, and so like, he does not know where this Israeli site is.

**john**:
But we we can infer from what he told us about it that its the Tel Aviv, I mean, I think its a good guess.

**jason**:
Yeah, well, I think we should drive maybe to a nearby hill so we can surveil it. You know, yeah, its good, yeah, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, okay.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Great.

**john**:
Check the olive trees for any combat things, exactly.

**jason**:
World War I, yeah.

**erik**:
So rich, anything else you want to investigate?

**rich**:
Uh, so basically, looking through it, we dont really find anything there s nothing. No innocuous like those emails are just the same guy, but there s nothing about the email that they spell out anything like.

**erik**:
Oh, so theyre not in code.

**erik**:
And, um, several of them are all the long ones that are more than one or two words are written by Will for her.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, and.

**rich**:
Make sense.

**erik**:
You gather right, you gather from this. That, uh, that Philip runs like a paper mill for kids to be like, like he writes college essays for them for a living. But somehow he got turned on to her and at somebody s request was helping her to kind of get a job and get settled. There was no way she was ever gonna make it to college. Um, uh, there are some email from some concerned parents, and they just, you know, its.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Like.

**erik**:
Uh, two ladies, and they seem very caring and nice and fine, and whatever nothing to ask you, is my kid cheating, are they dumb? Right? Yeah, right, that s right? Is there anything in the photos? Full, yes. So in the photos folder, you guys start to get that smell of sugar cookies and you see a series of images. And almost all of them are, so the early ones are theyre, all from Gaza and Theyre all over the last six months. And in the Um, the early ones are like her going around filming, filming. Uh, photographing bombed out buildings and tourism stuff. Yeah, yes, right, um. And then they get more gruesome over time in a very regular way, right, like in A.

**jason**:
As a war started to happen. Yeah, exactly.

**erik**:
Right, and as shes filming, and as the scenes that shes filming of the wreckage of what happened gets worse and worse. You start to see, like one of the like G Ninety G, Ninety Eight Guns G Eighty Nine guns. You see like a helmet or something a foot somewhere, and then over time, you see a kind of as the pictures shes taking the real world get worse and worse. More and more come in until you see, like the last pictures that you see on the laptop. Are her taking pictures of the tell cave and photographing Israeli Defense forces commandos going into the cave, then Palestinians going into the cave. And then the IDF comes out with them at gunpoint and they shoot them.

**erik**:
And then the last picture you see is kind of maybe the same place. But you cant tell, because its just covered in like a yellow minus green haze.

**rich**:
Just as a quick to will, I ask him, or we ask him, or someone asks him, What kind of camera does she use?

**erik**:
Okay, so hes like so. She actually is a really big stickler for film photography, yeah, and so she doesnt do any of her work almost at all. In digital. We had to bring a like a film scanner to with us here in order to send pictures back. Does she develop her own? She does? Yeah, Um, yeah, but he, like other than that, hes like he can. Hes not a super big camera guy. He can give you some details. But all of it seems very innocuous.

**john**:
Easy one for Will.

**erik**:
Yeah, hes smelling right now.

**john**:
That might seem out of place in the middle of the desert.

**erik**:
Yeah, right, hes like, except for Crocs, so hes like, I mean, the car s not in great shape, or almost certainly burning oil. But that s about all hes got.

**john**:
So no recent animal attacks or.

**erik**:
No, that s exactly right. Okay, you guys, are you approach this hill overlooking the tell caves. You get there, and as you crest and you look, you see no chlorine gas, but you definitely see a trench. Okay, so its this minus.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
The.

**jason**:
Green Haze, right?

**erik**:
Except that, Um, right along here, and you guys are over here.

**erik**:
And then kind of in the middle here, somebody has laid out a ton of razor wire and over here.

**jason**:
Modern razor wire.

**erik**:
No, the old, the old, yeah, probably the old school janky stuff. And there is a soldier in the trench at a machine gun nest.

**rich**:
So how come? So what makes this place different than like when she takes a picture of us? Its kind of like a moment, a flash or so, and then its like, you know, the the old time is shunted in or its mixed up a little bit in that little moment, but this is like continuous.

**rich**:
It seems like.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, yeah.

**rich**:
Like, it might be like evolving. No, its the Yeah, yeah.

**john**:
So, I mean, it wasnt there two days ago.

**rich**:
Right, right? And now its a trench, and now there s a guy now there s wire. So is it like? Is it slowly building back? There? S more pieces from the past being put in? Is it a continual thing? Is there a camera on this like a video camera right that s like to be taking, going or developed? Maybe, yeah, yeah, yeah, right. Or is the camera like a portable conduit or whatever is put in the larger thing out there? Yeah, I dont know, guys.

**erik**:
Yeah, so Im going to say, you guys have like an hour until we raise the heat level one more and we add an extra pole.

**erik**:
What do you guys do?

**jason**:
Well, this is the cave we already investigated, yeah.

**rich**:
But if its changing, it might change.

**jason**:
Yeah, but there was a trend. Yeah, its true.

**rich**:
So the trench is going kind of into the cave. We went into the cave, the cave doesnt go back very far.

**rich**:
But we dont know what is in that cave right now, what came back from the past or what is well and.

**jason**:
When we fled the cave, Israelis were starting to attack it.

**rich**:
We dont we. Yeah, well, wait, they were no, no, no, they werent really. Those those were remember, he said, that they were speaking an old minus timey like, Right, right, right, right? But the idea is like its the roots are there.

**jason**:
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

**john**:
Because what we were basically telling him is like, the Israelis are gonna attack.

**jason**:
That s right, that s right, that s right, okay, okay, so theyre now like theyre now, like trenched in like theyre now, like, dug in, and, yeah, right.

**rich**:
Tell from that what their uniform is because or is it German or is it Turkish, its Turkish? Okay, I just noticed that, yeah, just the one guy.

**erik**:
Um, I mean, like, there could be more hiding, but from what you can see, um, no, there s a second person there.

**erik**:
And they have longish black hair. It looks like shes a photographer.

**jason**:
Shes there, okay in the machine gun nest, its like pointing like this way.

**erik**:
No, its pointing this way.

**jason**:
Oh, its like covering the field.

**erik**:
That s right, exactly right, its covering the field.

**jason**:
Look, the no man s land.

**erik**:
That s exactly right.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yes, which side are we on? And youre Youre?

**jason**:
Well, unfortunately on the one, oh no, I got this question, why did I even ask right? Well, I mean, one thing that the French and American armies didnt have during World War? I was a car they could drive across no man s land, so they were too dumb to figure that out. So we could do that you could.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I think you could drive.

**jason**:
I had one its A hole, some holes in it. Yeah, its been driven into A.

**john**:
Terror fugue by the.

**erik**:
Yeah, all right, we would like to, uh.

**jason**:
Are we able to contact Fitzgerald at all? Oh yeah, sure, yeah.

**erik**:
Oh, wait, actually, you definitely could. The Israeli army may have subsequently blocked the cell towers. Okay, but you could definitely try.

**john**:
How close is Danielle to the machine gun nest?

**rich**:
Are they like chummy, close, like talking?

**erik**:
Theyre not talking, but shes definitely shes standing right by him, but it doesnt like Hes kind of ignoring her. And how far away are we from them? One hundred yard?

**rich**:
Do we can we, uh, and the doctors with us, right?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
And I.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Is.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
No, no.

**rich**:
No, well, get to it. Well, I mean, I mean, well, I think.

**jason**:
Well.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I think we get will.

**rich**:
Hey, I think that s you see that is you see who s the Santa next to the.

**john**:
Yeah, its like, Hey, she doesnt know us. Do you want to flag her down?

**erik**:
Uh, hes like, Um, that guy with the machine gun looks like he means business.

**rich**:
You can see the guy with the machine gun that s really crazy.

**john**:
Weve got. There are two things I think we could do.

**erik**:
Yes, I mean, hes not like hes not dead set against it, but Youd have to convince him.

