**jason**:
Last session must have been the conclusion, but it sounds like more is coming.

**erik**:
More is coming.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yes, more is coming.

**john**:
Weve started it, yeah.

**erik**:
Yes, that was part one of the finale.

**jason**:
Oh okay, great, yeah, all right, did you catch Jen up on it yet?

**erik**:
I have not yet.

**erik**:
So well, do that in just a second.

**erik**:
And then, So what well do is Shes filling out her character sheet.

**erik**:
Then, well, do a recap of ghosts of World War past.

**erik**:
And then we will tie her into the adventure.

**jason**:
Co. minus authored by Jacob.

**erik**:
Yeah, that s exactly right, yeah. Same with Ghosts of World War Past.

**john**:
Is that your son? that? s? yeah, what? Oh yeah, Oh yeah, yeah.

**andrew**:
He didnt do the last photo, did he?

**john**:
Yeah, oh yeah, yeah, he did. Im trying to remember, Wait, what was wasnt he gonna like? Come out in a costume or something?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, I dont know, I mean, he definitely is a type of player. So theyre not making profit. He was making profit, he made the spoon.

**john**:
Yeah, that s what?

**andrew**:
He was gonna poke his head around the corner and take a picture of us.

**jason**:
Hes gonna come up, hes just like hes a dead Taliban guy.

**erik**:
I wanna say that the encounter where Rich stepped on the landmines, yeah, while the sniper was firing, yeah, that was.

**jason**:
That was that, yeah, so what youre saying is hes in your eyes.

**erik**:
Yeah, he learned from the best. Very collaborative, yes.

**andrew**:
What did he think when you told him about how we took the car at the end and were using?

**erik**:
He was a super big fan.

**jason**:
Yeah, yeah.

**erik**:
Yes, when you guys are done with this adventure, I will tell you the thing that he added to this one. So I was just in eastern Washington.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Where about?

**erik**:
Winthrop So we go every year over mid minus winter break to Mazama to go cross minus country skiing.

**jason**:
Oh yeah, I go.

**erik**:
Yeah, this year there was.

**jen**:
I was gonna say, No, not all of them, I mean.

**erik**:
There was enough that we could go, but it was terrible.

**jason**:
Yeah, Im sorry.

**erik**:
Yeah, its okay, that s right? I mean, it was mostly just hanging out with friends.

**jen**:
Yeah, yeah, I have people I know who like that s. Their favorite spot is that, like Winthrop Mazama area.

**jason**:
Like, Yeah, a little town there s really cool.

**erik**:
Yeah, yeah, yeah, so weve been to the same house for seventeen year, go every year for midwinter break. And so, like we, we went with this couple who we were in birthing class with.

**jason**:
Oh, Geez.

**erik**:
And for Kashas birthday No, no, yeah, no for Kasha. And so now the kids that we had were there for the birthing class are now aged out and no longer attending. It makes you feel old.

**andrew**:
Where did you catch up on going to college?

**erik**:
Seattle U.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, awesome.

**erik**:
Oh yeah, yeah, I just got started ten minute ago.

**jason**:
That s pretty cool.

**erik**:
Highly highly recommend. Yeah, we do lunch every Wednesday, every Friday.

**jason**:
Oh, that s awesome.

**john**:
Yeah, great cool, its really cool. I just attended an online information session at Seattle U. I know its tough.

**jason**:
I told you I saw Larry.

**jason**:
Yeah, he says, hi.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
So.

**jason**:
He remembers you, what was he doing? He he reached out to Asha and was just like, Hey, Im Major Nelson, like you, should you know you need my help? Yeah, and she was like, I went.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, from like Minecraft stuff.

**john**:
He gave me my first Xbox.

**andrew**:
Really, yeah, is that for like non minus Minecraft stuff? I wouldnt put it here at my desk.

**jason**:
Oh yeah, they were together not only at Microsoft, but also at unity.

**john**:
He No, that was. He started unity after I left, Oh, he did, Oh, he was at unity.

**john**:
Did he do the same kind of thing? Pretty much he it was like, after all of the huge rounds of layoffs, yeah, they hired him, I mean, he was running community.

**jason**:
Okay, cool, yeah, so he basically hes like pitching her on a job, and, uh, kind of.

**andrew**:
X Box.

**jason**:
Yeah, exactly, and uh um, and uh, and anyway, um, hes like, you know, she asked you, will you say its a good idea? Im like, Yeah, I dont what is it? Im like ill, just say ill, just say it is ID Rather work with you again. Thatd be fun. Yeah, so, um, so yeah, weve been texting back and forth, so, but yeah, he might be coming back. So so maybe ill say you should hire John Short to be, yeah, exactly be the hatchet man. Yeah, I think that would genuinely be a smart move. Yeah, I think so too. I think so too. That would send like immediate signal, yeah.

**erik**:
Even after the change in management.

**john**:
Yeah, yeah, there s so much, yeah, of course, very uncharitable dude, saying yes, and people you know, its a real like, Oh, its never been more clear than Xbox is for sick.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, exactly, I mean.

**andrew**:
Who s the guy that like, invented the Xbox that said that theyre, uh?

**jason**:
Seamus BlacklEy Yeah, yeah, But that guy, its funny, That guy s a super interesting guy, he, uh, he retired like twenty year ago.

**jason**:
So, like he, he retired like even before the three hundred and sixty, I think.

**andrew**:
HEs been in the industry.

**jason**:
No, no, like Hes got like old like one thousand, nine hundred and eighty. Second Microsoft Money.

**jason**:
Hes the guy who found a way to bake Egyptian bread using recovered DNA from like some tomb. Did you ever read about that?

**jen**:
I think I did. This is sounding really familiar, I know about that.

**jason**:
Yeah, have you heard about this too? Yeah, that s that guy. It kind of made the rounds like several years ago, when he did it, where it was like this.

**john**:
Guy Cool.

**jason**:
Yeah, exactly. It is kind of cool, so it was like a total like Jurassic Park thing. Whereas, like using the DNA from this tomb, I was able to like, create a strain of wheat that hasnt existed on Earth in, like, two thousand year. And then I used it to make this recipe, and then so anyway. IM still retired, I.M still the most retired.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, exactly. Youre right, youre right, so kind of sense of.

**erik**:
The Dude from Intellectual Ventures.

**jason**:
Yeah, again. Nathan Merville Yeah, exactly, yeah.

**jen**:
Yeah, I think maybe I caught that because of anything.

**jason**:
Yeah, newly revealed in the Epstein files.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
What?

**jason**:
Yes, really, very much so.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, my gosh.

**jason**:
He was at dinner with all you know, its like one of those things where its like, Yeah, not on the island, but at many dinners.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, yeah, did you guys ever see the documentary? Uh, Tims Vermeer.

**john**:
No, it I, I forget the last name, but it was. It was a dude who Tim, who I want to say. He did like really important foundational stuff at Adobe, but it was like very early tech.

**jason**:
Yeah, right.

**john**:
And this is super eccentric and retired, and got obsessed with Vermeer and with recreating Vermeers paintings.

**andrew**:
Oh, wow.

**john**:
And in doing so, like figuring out the the imaging that he would use because he knew.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Like.

**john**:
He used these elaborate mirrors to basically be able to like trace reality. Yeah, yeah, yeah, and so he was like, I have lots of money and all the free time in the world. And Im, this is my project. An obsessive weirdo in the best way. And so he was just like, Im, im gonna figure this out.

**jason**:
That s great, that s so awesome.

**jason**:
Um, yeah, that s awesome.

**jen**:
Okay, Im done.

**erik**:
All right, Greg, why dont you tell us about your answers a little bit?

**jen**:
Did your character die last time or no way, Baby? My character has been alive forever. Yeah, I am you and I yeah, Jasons character. I couldnt quite remember what our timeline was.

**erik**:
Yeah, that sounds about right, and I feel like you.re all in your kind of mid minus fifty second or early mid minus. Fifty second, Yeah, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
IM.

**jen**:
Fiftyone, but feel dead.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, man.

**jen**:
So Jonas Friday, Jonas Friday, So here s a real question, Yeah, what haunts Jonas Friday? Yes, the mystery that haunts me Jonas Friday obsesses about whether or not we should have killed the children at Cornell. Yeah, yeah, that s true. If we knew, then what we would have done what we know now.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Would.

**jen**:
We have made that decision.

**erik**:
Dr Wesley Cole.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, yeah, right? Dr Wesley Cole. Oh my God, yeah. Crocs never had to face any such moral dilemma. Does Jen know about Fulgor Crockett, otherwise known as Crocs?

**jen**:
That s the thing that haunts me, yeah. In the intervening years, in order to investigate, Ive gotten very into attending seances communing with spirits in order to receive some sort of like spiritual guidance about this from people who are dead.

**erik**:
Yeah, hold on, hold on, well, come back to that in just a second.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Want to keep going, yeah?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Please.

**jen**:
Okay, what, like, what happened, what do I go to like? The shame of Operation Night terror? Yeah, which was Cornucopia House. Wait, was that one or two?

**andrew**:
There s One.

**erik**:
Oh, no, wait, night terrors, that was two, right? That was the Friday night that one doesnt have an in operation name, right? It was never saying shit, it was, yes, off the books. Okay, yes.

**jen**:
So I obviously just dont sleep very much.

**jen**:
But when I do, I always dream of that dog, not like a sad dog, and it always like, wants you to help it. And then when I get close to it.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
It.

**jen**:
Just goes for the throat.

**jen**:
And wakes me up so I just dont sleep very much.

**jen**:
That is my recurring nightmare.

**jen**:
And then in the years since, I have developed a strong bond with the local grocery checkout lady.

**jen**:
I often make grocery trips for the thing that I forgot.

**jen**:
Or for whatever, just so that I can have small talk with her about the weather or her grandkid or the produce.

**jen**:
That s my like, Bottom line.

**erik**:
Okay, so before we do, so in a minute were going to do were going to start with the main. The characters who played in part one doing a calling Anthony Fitzarelli to tell him about how everything went.

**jason**:
I can remember, yes.

**erik**:
And that will be our recap of the whole thing.

**erik**:
So, Jonas, here s the weird thing about the seances whenever you do, not whenever, but let s say seventy percent of the time that you talk to spirits in the seance, right? So thirty percent of the time, nothing right, you talk and youre like, Okay, this person s bullshitting me. There s nobody on the other end of this line. But like seventy percent of the time, you can smell the sugar cookies and every time that you smell the sugar cookies. Whoever on the other end keeps warning you about the red thoughts.

**jen**:
The red thoughts?

**erik**:
Yes, and how you have to stop the red thoughts. And this is like just a thing like its happened like seven or eight times, and it sticks in your craw. What do you do as an FBI agent to try to figure out what those spirits meant, yeah?

**jen**:
As an FBI, I mean, that s a pretty good phrase. So like, Im sure Im going through the FBI databases, like just doing some interesting searches for that phrase.

**jen**:
People who are sort of talking about this.

**erik**:
Yeah, okay, so you find something old and then something new, so tell you about the something old. And then were going to cut to Anthony Pizzarelli. And then we will come back in northern Canada on particularly bad winters in like somewhere in the eighteen to one thousand, nine hundred second. So were talking an age range that s like getting to the modern era, but is like, you know, its still hard winters, occasionally on very hard winters when talks of the Windigo come up and people walking out of their houses during snowstorms because they are so hungry. There are talks about people who would carve pictures of brains into the snow and then would open up. Either the blood of animals often pets or their own arms, and then sprinkle them with blood in the snow and somewhere in the brains. Yeah, I mean, were still, I mean, like, let s say late ish. One thousand, eight hundred second people knew what a brains looked like.

**john**:
Yeah, but I mean, how would they drive in snow? And to the point where somebody would be like that, s a brain?

**erik**:
Oh no, no, so think like packed snow like that. They had packed down and tamped down. Or in the, you know, like a sculpture, yeah, like a sculpture.

**john**:
Snow Sculpture.

**erik**:
Yeah, um, again, but Im gonna call it a sure. And in addition, some of the people who again like walked out and had drawn this in the snow. Um, they would talk about red thoughts and and.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Record of this?

**erik**:
Yeah, for sure, but, and the records are like, You know, um, explorers who would come to an extremer. Yeah, Trappers, people like that would report on it. In addition, at the same time, these people who would talk about red thoughts would always talk about red thoughts, leading to white teeth. All right, Judge is like, Yeah, sounds reasonable. So remember back from last time, all right, so who wants to call Anthony Pizzarelli to report after you killed Danielle Houston?

**john**:
I can do it.

**erik**:
Okay, great, so Anthony gets on the other end of the line and hes like, Uh, it is a total shit show out there. I hope that you have good news for me. This is headlines a day or two before.

**jason**:
I know hes always stressed out.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
What did you find is there something is?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
It something.

**erik**:
That the organization cares about.

**erik**:
All right, go on and tell me.

**john**:
We found who we believe to be one of the kids who escaped from Cornucopia House.

**erik**:
You mean Operation Night terror bullshit?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Was in Gaza? Okay, yeah, some wrinkles. Well, Im trying to remember, Okay, so this Jen. Remember how the picture of the gas attack so he knows, I dont think Youve contacted him. Yeah, and its only been a day or two, it has not been long, so its been like, Well, then ill start. Okay, yeah, yeah, so its a gas attack, maybe you dont.

**jen**:
Travel through TFA with that.

**erik**:
Yes, so notice when the gas attack happens, this is this is before the gas attack, right? This is after the gas attack and after the gas attack. Not here. In the original photo is a World War I era trench. Also found at the scene was barbed wire, but a very specific part of barbed wire wielded by the Germans. At the end of World War I as they started to run out of metal and in addition, this helmet and, um, like.

**jason**:
Ottoman Empire Helmet Is that what youre saying? Yeah, exactly.

**erik**:
Right, so in the middle of World War One, the Germans realized they need to start putting metal on people, s heads and make German helmets. But this one has a little hump in the front that the German one doesnt have. And people used to say that was because the Ottomans would kneel to pray if a meth that people would say, Okay. So those were found at the trench site. Okay, so what did you find? Oh, cornucopia, yeah.

**john**:
So we let me let me back up a little bit. I thought we had talked earlier.

**john**:
So we took the U.N. credentials that you so kindly gave us.

**john**:
We were able to get into Gaza.

**erik**:
And let me just say the fact that you guys disappeared from that group has been a huge headache for me.

**jason**:
The job is hard unavoidable. Yeah, ours is harder, okay?

**john**:
I guarantee you, weve got a worse time.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
As long as you can tell me those results.

**john**:
Okay, for our rubric, yes for Congressional oversight hearing, probably not so much.

**erik**:
Okay, I can work with that.

**john**:
So we get into Godwin, we meet up with the Fixer J.J. and we go to the site of the Gas Tech IM able to get there.

**erik**:
Yep, things start to get a little strange there.

**john**:
Uh, minus, huh? We are almost immediately fired upon by a soldier. And as he got closer to us, we saw that he was had clearly come from earlier in time.

**john**:
He was dressed a rifle like a Turkish World War I soldier.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
That s high, yeah, okay.

**john**:
Yeah, trying to figure out the least weird way to say that, but he was a World War I Turkish soldier.

**jason**:
No one caught him, no one caught him.

**john**:
It was, yeah, very much. So we went to the Tell Cave, which is where that trench essentially was kind of surrounding. Yeah, we got attacked, we found some bodies there that were also curiously untethered from time, it would seem.

**jen**:
Its a very nice way to put it.

**john**:
We went back to the Not the village. Yes, Jabalia, Yeah. We went back to the village to start asking some questions, and that was where things started to get ratcheted up a bit. We started seeing really strange photos of places that we could kind of recognize. But there was something very strange about the photos. Something that visually didnt compute.

**john**:
And there were phenomena that were very similar to what Wed encountered on previous missions. We were able to identify the photographer and about as soon as we did that we saw her. She took a photo of us from a rooftop, and then suddenly it was World War One and.

**erik**:
Sorry, you were talking about in the refugee camp at Jabalia, it was World War I.

**jason**:
After a woman snapped a picture of us.

**jen**:
Was she like specifically looking to take a photo of you guys, or just did like here s the scene? She was like, No, I want that. If the effect of her taking that photo was unintentional, it was very rude, okay?

**john**:
We had to calm down a mob of angry villagers.

**erik**:
So please tell me that civilian casualties were at a minimum.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
They were, Oh.

**john**:
I mean, from us, until the Israelis showed up.

**john**:
I am aware they have a penchant for civilian casualties. Quite their thing. They love it if you want a little more background there. S A Hopefully still sedated and very confused British soldier. Yeah, well, lock him there. Hes in Jabalia, um.

**jason**:
I cut it, I I cut in and I say, No, no, no hes dead. Oh okay, yeah, okay, yeah, sure.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, sure.

**jason**:
You can Carton shoot him? Yeah, we took off his clothes so nobody could tell.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, right, well, exactly what youre supposed to do.

**john**:
So we end up finding the A journalist that we were told regularly worked with Danielle. And as we were doing that, the village started getting shelled.

**erik**:
You mean, like World War I shelled, or you mean like Israeli shelled?

**john**:
Israeli shelled Okay, got it? Modern shelling.

**jen**:
Both bad, very different.

**john**:
As we talked more and more to him, we found out that she is mute. Essentially, he has often acted as her kind of go minus between and interpreter. Uh, minus huh? And it essentially lined up with a lot of the things that other kids, that that. So this is one of these Cornucopia House kids with.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
No language.

**john**:
Yeah, that with no language and with the power to take photos quick, whatever.

**erik**:
You say that right now, the Israelis are invading Gaza because she took a picture of some chlorine gas.

**john**:
I dont think you could put that one on her.

**john**:
I dont, yeah, I think that conflict predates her.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, okay.

**john**:
I think its probably like a real handy excuse.

**john**:
But the gas attack is most likely the result of her taking photos. For what purpose we dont know. Okay, we were able to kind of corner her cross a minefield and, through some acts of bravery, really extreme daring and courage and ingenuity, killed her. Okay, you should.

**andrew**:
Note that she seemed to want to like, Give herself up too, though, right?

**john**:
She wanted to die so.

**andrew**:
Which is, maybe does that seem different than other behavior from Carnucopia House children I.

**john**:
I think it was the first time Youve seen that.

**jason**:
Yeah, yeah.

**john**:
She the only way to end the only way for us to get out alive was to kill her and she explicitly wanted to die.

**erik**:
So was it her, or was it the camera?

**john**:
Unclear.

**john**:
We found packaging from from film, which seemed very normal.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Uh, minus, huh?

**john**:
Nothing seemed at least to to the naked eye to be extraordinary about the camera.

**erik**:
Do you have the camera? I think you guys can say yes.

**john**:
Yeah, yeah, yeah, why we wouldnt, yeah.

**jason**:
We were playing with it.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, um, okay.

**john**:
So we defeated her with the power of.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
The.

**john**:
Mirrors and birds.

**jason**:
Okay, so we sure we did do that you did.

**erik**:
Actually, with the pure with the power mirror and birds, um, uh, do okay. So we have some contacts in, you know, a sister organization minus Ish in Israel. So we will send them in to clean up. Whatever the Israelis dont accidentally take out with artillery fire. Good luck.

**john**:
Yeah, there s probably not going to be much.

**john**:
There wasnt, really, there was very little that persisted, uh, from the rift in time or whatever you want to call it.

**john**:
So as near as pretty much anybody s gonna be able to tell that goes in there its gonna be, you know, normal Israeli violence. And maybe some peculiar cosplayers.

**erik**:
Okay, well, I can definitely work with all of that, um.

**jen**:
Yeah, please eat them.

**erik**:
Okay, so, uh, is this, does that it youre coming home?

**john**:
I hope so.

**jason**:
Yeah, wed like to.

**john**:
We dont want to stick around.

**erik**:
Um, uh, I mean, any loose ends.

**jason**:
Well, you guys killed my cat.

**erik**:
I mean, that was kind of.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
You had a cat.

**john**:
He had you had.

**jason**:
A cat.

**andrew**:
Or isnt it? And then, after all.

**jen**:
Weve been through you keep a pet cat.

**jason**:
I had to burn my bond in order to live.

**jason**:
That tower was pretty insane last time.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
It was pretty crazy.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
And everybody made it out alive.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Maybe we did.

**john**:
I dont think there were any lucents.

**erik**:
You have one lucent, which is there. S JJ there s JJ but no, um, you found an email from her, Um, so when she had gotten the job at the OH.

**john**:
Yeah, there is a weird website.

**erik**:
Yeah, so she had gotten a job at the Free Press, which she was a photojournalist for, and she got the job this.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Didnt occur to me last time. Isnt the Free Press very wise?

**erik**:
Yeah, yeah, the Free Press is very wise its an old magazine. Um, uh, she now runs. CBS News Yeah.

**john**:
Really cool. Oh yeah, super cool first.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I didnt know about pre minus press.

**john**:
Yeah, yeah, that was the thing. She that was the outfit she started after she left The New York Times.

**erik**:
It is a little bright already. Okay, um. So she had gotten the job with the help of this weird online paper mill that writes like papers for kids and because she had no language.

**john**:
That s right.

**erik**:
This dude, Philip Roth, had helped her at this company, called Scribe Life. Four hundred and Twenty to, uh, to get the job right. He had actually shown up and kind of proxied questions to her in the interview. And the the text journalist who was there with her for photography, had said that she had communicated with him a bunch. Or, like whatever I mean, like she doesnt really communicate, um? And the text journalist had started to communicate with Philip Roth as well for her. And in there you found some statements about other kids or young people without language that he was also helping.

**jen**:
Yeah, scribe life four hundred and twenty, how can you forget? Yeah, that was in the letter.

**john**:
Yeah, yeah, it was the journal that mine field that was.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
How the one guy got.

**erik**:
Uh, the journalist, yes, the journalist died.

**jason**:
I love how you remember this stuff, I just read the letter.

**erik**:
Oh okay, um, okay, well, then minus, and also scribe life. Four hundred and Twenty is pretty memorable, so why dont you guys then go and investigate Scribe life? Because if there s other kids out there, they probably have weirdness going on with them too, and we probably need to hunt them all down.

**jason**:
Kill them.

**erik**:
Get rid of them somehow you can capture them. Great. I think Theyll want to die like this one, though.

**jason**:
Yeah, time to roll a little red balloon, they go to the moon.

**erik**:
Okay, so what do you guys do to find Scribe life four hundred and twenty and fill it up?

**jason**:
Well, start with a Google search.

**erik**:
You start with a Google search and you do, in fact, so you search for Scribe Life Four Hundred and Twenty, and you find it, you find references to it in the wayback machine.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, yeah.

**erik**:
So up until about a year and a half ago, it was running.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
A.

**erik**:
WEBSITE And that website was like, You know, ill, write your papers for you. I have a database of old papers. We guarantee that you wont be like accused of plagiarism. And then, about a year and a half ago, there s a message that the website s going down. And that because of AI, the need for paper mills has just gone now. And so Philip Roth signs off and says that hes that hes done so, Jen.

**john**:
Hes going to become a novelist.

**erik**:
Youre as youre so, so you kind of you go from red thoughts to like markers of red brains. And you start to turn up some hits of pictures of specifically like gang gang units in the Washington, D.C. area. And the gang units will regularly take pictures that are time stamped and geolocated of graffiti. Because its a great sign of who staked out what territory in gangs.

**andrew**:
Were they like, Are they just keeping this for themselves?

**erik**:
I mean, its No, no, so this is part of her of an FBI database.

**erik**:
Yeah, no problem.

**andrew**:
Shes not monitoring the gang s actually archiving the things.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
That s right.

**erik**:
So, yeah, so as youre looking, you see amongst the regular crypts and bloods, and whatever you see, a series of Washington, D.C. graffiti that looks just like that.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Could be a walnut.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, that s not a real fuck, though, that s a real one. Can I say the Mare s?

**jen**:
Its really nice.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, you look pretty, um, what do you do?

**jen**:
Uh, how recently were these taken?

**erik**:
Uh, they are all so okay. So its Germ day in February. Twentysix Okay, Twenty Twentysix, Um, and these go from one or two photos, maybe like seven years ago, eight years ago.

**erik**:
And but you definitely see there s ones all the way up through, say, September of last year.

**jason**:
Okay, so recent, though, yep.

**jen**:
Um, well, this is sort of a hidden hobby of mine looking for these things.

**jen**:
Not like I.M. like on mission finding them, so Im going to try to ignore it in my brain for a little while. No pun intended, um, but its going to eat at me.

**erik**:
Okay, correct.

**jen**:
Eventually, I might buy a plane ticket to Washington, D.C. because I want to go see the site.

**erik**:
Where are you located?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Uh, Iowa.

**erik**:
Okay, great, um, okay, uh, the rest of you guys, Uh, you see you did your Google search, you see the wayback machine, you see, Philip Roth definitely associated with it. What do you do?

**andrew**:
So it just kind of stops at that Philip Roth thing that you said.

**erik**:
Yeah, exactly. So. He kind of shuts down after a year and a half ago, and hes kind of claiming that hes shut down by. And I would feel reasonable that Hes shut down by kind of AI.

**andrew**:
Is he totally independent, Did he have any other like funding or backers?

**erik**:
Hmm, um, how do you want to investigate that? Youre, a CIA analyst?

**andrew**:
Im going to go with, like, you know, business, finance, all that kind of shit and untangle all that stuff.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, policies.

**andrew**:
You know.

**erik**:
Right, go ahead and make a poll.

**jason**:
Too many.

**john**:
Oh, just one.

**jason**:
Easy, peasy.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I know right full tower and.

**andrew**:
Uh, Eric made us pull like fucking multiple cards in one night, and John kept on getting by accident.

**jason**:
It was pretty great.

**john**:
Yeah, ID, choose it.

**andrew**:
Yeah, too. If we did get it, we didnt die, we just had to do like multiple pulls.

**john**:
Yep, yeah. And as the Israeli shelling got more and more intense, the number of pulls we had to do increased.

**erik**:
Yeah, you had to do a pull every time you did a pull. Okay, Andrew, you, um, you go and search online and, um, scribe life. Four hundred and Twenty definitely did not pay any taxes, definitely did not file for anything but youre able to cross reference, subscribe Four Hundred and Twenty and its Facebook existence. And then a Philip Roth posting regularly comments and great reviews on the Facebook site for four hundred and twenty. From that, you find his Facebook user, and from that youre able to pull up an address in Washington, D.C.

**jen**:
Really needed to be a CI handler us for that one, huh?

**erik**:
All right, so you guys have an address, what do you want to do?

**john**:
Um, well, I mean, we should look at the address in any databases or anything that we have information about.

**john**:
Just to, Is it a house, is it a business?

**erik**:
Yep, okay, so it is, Um, uh. The address is just an apartment in an apartment complex in D.C. And its not in any way, shape or form a business. These guys probably working out of his house.

**erik**:
Um, yeah, it is not like I mean its not in the best neighborhood in D.C. but its also not in shit.

**jen**:
Yeah, right.

**erik**:
So its like, you know, there s nothing extraordinary, there s nothing extraordinary about it.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
What s our tactical loadouts that s the right question?

**erik**:
All right, what do you guys do?

**andrew**:
How much I cant remember how much like resource wise, do we have? We dont have like control of like satellites, easily like we had to clear a bunch of shit for that kind of stuff.

**erik**:
Exactly all requests to fitzgayerly and like and that, and more or less. The problem is anytime you do that, it just exposes the organization to risk.

**andrew**:
Do we have access? And same thing with, like, traffic cams, all that kind of stuff?

**erik**:
I mean, traffic cams are a lot easier.

**erik**:
Brian Like tasking a satellite that s a big deal.

**andrew**:
Can we do like that lower level kind of surveillance access?

**erik**:
Yeah, sure you do, and I mean, you get photos, you. You youre able to pull his driver license, and so you see him occasionally walk in or out of the building. Not a lot of guests, but, yeah, it really does not seem like there s a lot of guests.

