**jason**:
Have you seen the flow yet, rich?

**rich**:
Yes, I did.

**jason**:
Okay, okay, yeah, yeah, its probably way up your alley. Yeah, its like, yeah.

**erik**:
Okay, so are.

**jen**:
You recording.

**erik**:
You are, and actually my son wanted me to tell you that. Um, that I am collecting clips of your voices so that I can identify you guys and Im not sharing them online. And my hygiene s very good because I am building. A I am right at the tail end of an app that takes the recording and transcribes it and then splits it into different speakers. And then identifies you guys by comparing your voices on the recording with my pre minus registered clips. And the thing is like.

**erik**:
Anyhow so, and then generates the session. Summary I sent out this morning was generated by the app.

**erik**:
Yeah, yeah, I did some light. I need to do some tuning, but, um.

**john**:
So theyll do for consent after the fact.

**erik**:
Yes, exactly, I wasnt even gonna tell you about it. I was like, You need to tell them.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I know you.re always, yeah, yeah.

**erik**:
Okay, so let s take it, yeah, oh yeah, and the thing is, I cant my like, I hyperfixate, so I cant like, do anything a little bit. Yeah, and so, yeah, so.

**jason**:
All this time, Ive known you.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Know you.

**erik**:
Have never guessed that there. So I like everything and so literally. Every step of this process is like three days and like, like, forty hour of coding and like, Im pretty sure. IM State of the art, like my error rate for words is less than three percent. So, yeah, okay.

**john**:
Somebody could tell me like, Yeah, Eric, uh, made an AI video of you beheading the president. I should probably be worried, right, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, okay.

**erik**:
Uh, Andrew, Yep.

**rich**:
My voice.

**jason**:
Oh, a little taker s action. Yeah, I was just thinking about that movie.

**erik**:
Here you go, cant, imagine, wait, oh, wait, and I think ill show you that word. Uh, Russ and Jonas, all right, okay, now Im gonna go from the top a little bit, Im not gonna do okay. So you guys came back from Israel with a link to Philip Roth. At Scribe Life. Four hundred and Twenty Ive got a liberal arts degree with a connection to Philip Roth. Yeah, yeah, and uh, okay. And and at the same time, Jonas Friday was investigating this. Uh, this graffiti. And in addition, she would and, uh, both links to Wendigos. And that in really bad winters, people who would leave and walk out into the wilderness would make, um, graffiti. That would look kind of like this, which is crazy, considering they didn.t probably know what human anatomy was at the day. Um, and but with the red mark and everything, and, um, you guys also found out there was gang graffiti in Washington, D.C. You followed the grand graffiti to a graffiti artist held up in an old, abandoned like squatting in a warehouse. And you guys, Um, uh, he saw you, and he got super freaked out and offered you his dentures and had all this graffiti of, like the brain with again red marks. Not in exactly like not spraying a template, but something like this. Um, and then you called Anthony Pizzarelli and he Pizzarelli. Yep, and he sent somebody to come pick him up, to go take him to somewhere where he could be properly treated and handled. And you guys got gun shy about that happening, and so you scared off the graffiti artist.

**erik**:
Okay, then you went to go visit Philip Roth at Scribe Life. Four hundred and Twenty where you guys were you guys, uh, here for this rich.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, yeah.

**erik**:
Okay, yeah, he was like, All right, uh, were you guys pretending to be burrito deliverers and stoner? Phillip totally let you in, and then you guys leaned on him super hard, as some kind of like at first. Maybe it would be drug enforcement, but it turned out that you guys were actually working for his dealer that you learned he owed money to. Um, and he told you that. He was being funded, that his, like his business, had gone bad because AI had killed the paper mill business, and so instead he was going to to. He was only surviving because he was being funded by a nonprofit called the Cornucopia Foundation. You know, you found out that he was being that, the people that he was sent from. Cornucopia Foundation, in which is a nonprofit designed to treat the adult sufferers of child minus onset Aphasia. And you know that a bunch of them had been placed with a security company called Red Thought Security, which you could not find anything else out about. And you couldnt find any links to the people that he had helped place and helped service.

**john**:
Yeah, it was like they disappeared as soon as they got placed.

**erik**:
That s exactly right, yeah, okay. So then you went to Cornucopia Foundation, where you met an aphasic person who handed you off to somebody who had language. And right at the front, I want to say, was this poster.

**erik**:
And Ward was able to tell all of you that both Brocas Area and Wernickes Area are used for language. John, Do you know what theyre used for separately? Because I dont I mean, most brain circuits arent used for one thing.

**john**:
So theyre usually things working in concert with one another.

**john**:
But, yeah, its like auditory processing and language stuff.

**erik**:
Yeah, okay, language stuff, and so you guys learned that this was a place that helped the adult sufferers of child anaphagia. And you learned that its board of directors was Esau Jacobs, and on the board was wards mentor Stefan Provo. Yep, great, and I dont know you contacted his wife, and what would you say, you learned? He had been on the board for like, a year. Uh, minus huh, yeah, which kind of coincided with him having hed been acting strangely mm minus, hmm.

**john**:
But there didnt seem to be anything amiss other than that, like not necessarily like clues, that he was aware of anything nefarious or anything. The strange going on.

**john**:
Which is not true for Esau Jacobs.

**erik**:
That s right, that s, right? So you guys looked online and found this fortune profile of Esau Jacobs, which, if you havent seen, I will hand you all right.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Fine.

**erik**:
You read it, Okay, great, and so you learned that. Esau Jacobs is the CEO of the World S largest private prison company. And father to a son who was abducted and then finally found again, you compared that you called your friend at the King Torinos Childrens Refuge. Nikki and Nikki was able to confirm that the person who was Esau Jacobs son, Connor Jacobs, was at Cornucopia House. She referred to him as Conrad Dinn. And you then left the foundation to go kind of find a little hidey hole. If you needed to look out at the foundation across the street on your way there, Jen, what was on your car?

**jen**:
Uh, the symbol of the brain with the red was painted on.

**erik**:
That s right, so the same same graffiti, same style. Yep, uh, and then you went, Um, then you went back to your hotel, and what did you learn from the bug, Jason?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, wait.

**erik**:
Before you went to the office, uh, you guys found that on the same floor, sharing an office was the Anxiety Research Consortium.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, right, right, yeah.

**erik**:
Yeah, which, uh, and what can you tell us about the Anxiety Research Consortium?

**andrew**:
Uh, they were back in their time as a CIA analyst, or D for D.A. they were like our, Um, in, like an elaborate sting operation. They were supplying our LSD to us, yeah, because they were using it for, like, you know, medicinal like, you know.

**erik**:
Anxiety research.

**erik**:
To see if it, that s right.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
They were doing it for.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Combat.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Vets.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
To see if it could.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Treat.

**erik**:
Post minus traumatic.

**jason**:
Stress.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Disorder.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, yeah, and then all that shit disappeared. Yeah, yeah, yes.

**erik**:
And okay, so.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
The Bug Yeah, you.

**erik**:
Guys uncovered the fact that, um, this was really one. One charitable organization with kind of two charters and two names and two. But the same board and everything and the Anxiety Research Consortium, you guys learned, was shipping pre minus mixed Thirtyfive percent co two right to El Paso, Texas, to.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
The Yeah I didnt read.

**erik**:
The story So, yeah, so he is. Hes looking in their field offices, so he actually there are Twentyfive ice field offices in the U.S. and he doesnt run one of the field offices. But he works out of the western Texas Field office, which is based in El Paso.

**jen**:
This is Connor Jacobs.

**erik**:
This is Connor Jacobs. But he runs the Alternatives to Detention Directorate inside of Custody Management, which?

**rich**:
You know that his dad is super into non minus resourced, but is it when you come back in the previous time? And so, you know, hes not? I mean, he says. In this thing, what we put in, but what do we get out?

**rich**:
So what is he, what is he, what are they doing, what are they doing?

**erik**:
Yep, okay, so like connected to a like water treatment facility, so the location where theyre, um, so theyre shipping the co two to University of Texas. But you guys, um, uh, you learned that he works at a location called the Harvey Milk Water Reclamation. You know, it was a little culture, so.

**rich**:
Yeah, yeah, exactly, yeah, its time with No, no, yeah.

**jason**:
Its different. Yeah, two else.

**erik**:
Uh, so, uh, uh, you, um? At that point, at this point in the session, you did not know too much more about the hardy Milk Water reclamation plan, except that it was owned by ICE. It had previously been built as a water reclamation plant on whatever River goes to El Paso, and it was built by Pontius Hydro. And sorry.

**jason**:
I thought that was a Guy s name.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I was trying to remember I was like, I was Italian, it was a company I made up that s, right? Yes, it was a pilot program.

**erik**:
Um, he, uh, okay, so um, and and then you guys. So then, uh, Bruce Walters went to take a shower, and when he got out of his shower, he found on his mirror.

**jason**:
Oh, it was a, um, something in the steam.

**erik**:
It was, uh, it was a drawing of this with a finger on the mirror.

**jason**:
Oh God, the whole hotel scene.

**erik**:
Yes, at which point you guys were attacked at the hotel. You know that one of the people there had on the uniform of a night security guard?

**erik**:
Which is not like super fancy. But it said on it Red thought security systems and tried to shoot word. Yeah, word all strip. And also somebody tried and failed. Super much, yeah, although I will say my session summary thought you died and you.

**jason**:
I took a picture and made a landmine appear and blew up their car, didnt I?

**erik**:
You blew them up.

**rich**:
Blew them up.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
That s exactly right.

**jason**:
Can you have a camera that can make landmines?

**erik**:
Yeah, from the end of the house.

**rich**:
I remember the camera okay after.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, that s, right, yeah, yes.

**erik**:
Did you, did you keep the snakes? No, no, no, okay, all right, so you guys then drove off in the pickup truck.

**rich**:
Were the snakes violent?

**erik**:
Yes, they were.

**erik**:
They came in through the air conditioning and you found this in the wallet of the security guard.

**erik**:
Right, and and that.

**john**:
Doesnt make you not smile.

**erik**:
Yeah, I have Aphasia and Im a cannibal, okay? And that also led you to Crown Ridge and Root. Which you know also is the law firm that, uh, founded the Cornucopia Foundation and does all of its business. And also, um, uh, set up red thought security systems. And so you guys went and you infiltrated it at night while nobody was there and stole documents, which we just hand waved over. I have some handouts now.

**erik**:
You know that Crown, Ridge and Root, they only have more or less one client, which is the Esau Jacobs Empire, right? They do work for Connor, they do work for ESAU and they do work for CSC.

**erik**:
And yes.

**rich**:
You guys figured out that if I not figure it out but kind of read and read are all cheap. Its all teeth. Yeah, yeah, yeah.

**erik**:
Yeah, there was a vociferous debate about, Was it teeth or brains?

**jason**:
Yeah, Im getting a crown next week. Oh, I have five crowns. Oh, this will be my second.

**erik**:
Yeah, good time. I had all of my teeth replaced with implants.

**jason**:
Wow, really.

**erik**:
Oh yeah, this was, yeah, this was before you met me.

**erik**:
And so in New York, I had nine, twelve, thirteen root canals.

**erik**:
Yes, I actually had the super health scare where I went to Europe before.

**rich**:
And I thought that was the one.

**erik**:
I mean, yes, so I went to Europe and while I was in the plane overnight, you know, the air pressure is way lower. And then when you land, it compacts if you have an abscess. And in one day, I went through a bottle of Tylenol and ended up in the emergency room in Warsaw. Because I started to, you know, puke up bile and like.

**erik**:
And I was fine, Im fine, no damage, but, um, and then I got home and.

**jen**:
Just the amount of pain.

**erik**:
Oh my God, its the worst thing I could ever.

**erik**:
So then I so, then I and then on my I came back and when I came back, um, one of the rear canals didnt take. And I had the same thing again coming back, and I started my first tech job. That was an hour commute outside of Albany, New York. And so im like taking painkillers now from top of the room. And I fell asleep in the car and I woke up and I cant see anything in front of me. And my face is covered in something warm and wet, and there s a guy next to me and I rolled down my window. And hes like, We have to push you off the road. And so there s my hood in my windshield, and I would like, Turn my rearview mirror to look at my face. And I have a red circle right here. My face is covered in coffee because I told them coffee got on and so there was a truck in front of me with a T bar like. And so my hood just scraped the T bar like Im six inches from not being here today.

**erik**:
And so the truck wasnt damaged at all. But yeah, my mom s car was total.

**john**:
Yeah, so of the Jane Mansfield bomb.

**jason**:
Oh yeah, that s right, yeah, that s how she died.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
She died when she was on the truck.

**jason**:
The death, right? Yeah, yeah, well, she died for it.

**erik**:
But then when I came to Seattle, I like I tried like I had good health insurance right for Microsoft. So I go find the best doctor dentist I can.

**erik**:
And she says, because shes amazing, she says, Your case is too severe. I cant this is not for me. Go see this guy who s right by campus. And he was the dean of the UW Dental School, regularly rated amongst the U.S.S top doctors. Like he is.

**erik**:
Hes the doctor, Yeah, hes amazing. He is the bomb, and he replaced all my teeth and it was the best thing that ever happened to me, I.

**jason**:
Yeah, like you feel like a million times better.

**erik**:
I just dont think about my teeth anymore.

**jason**:
Yeah, youre, right.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Right, right, the.

**jason**:
Default state of teeth. Yeah, all right.

**erik**:
Okay, I have, I have three documents here, I have one that I have to give to Jason because its a legal document.

**erik**:
So this is a summary of the lease agreement that Crown Ridge Enroot made with ICE related to the Harvey Milk Water Reclamation plant. And Jason, if youll listen to the lawyer, Yeah, Im the lawyer. And there are, uh, notes in red, they more or less cover everything.

**erik**:
Um, I have some more here for folks, and then I have here. I have a letter that you guys got from Crown Ridge, and it is.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
The.

**erik**:
Corrections Services Corporation.

**jason**:
Oh okay, Gotcha.

**erik**:
Its a private prison company.

**erik**:
Yeah, and so then I have, I have here, uh.

**jason**:
This is my best attempt to make a government facility disappear.

**erik**:
And then I have, and then I have this one. Yeah, so this is the extortion that s the extortion letter. We all have different material right now. Uh, I think I made enough copies for everybody to have.

**jason**:
Oh, okay, okay, Inspector Naomi Klein is getting all the directory.

**erik**:
Yeah, this is what Youre saying is IM just only naming people after famous people is I can remember their names.

**erik**:
Naomi Klein was almost Marley Matlin.

**jason**:
Marley.

**john**:
Matlin Yes.

**jen**:
I should probably just kill this guy. Oh, this is Tom George.

**erik**:
Yeah, its to. Tom George from Connor.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Tom George.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Got it?

**jason**:
From Connor Jacobson.

**jen**:
He is sort of the mystery, man.

**erik**:
Yeah, so you know that he runs the Custody Maintenance division of ICE, so he is Connors Boss S Boss.

**john**:
Okay, okay, but Connor is effectively extorting him on behalf of his father.

**erik**:
Yeah, it is definitely transparent, especially, I would say to Bruces eyes, that is clearly an email that is, or a mail that is extortion.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Fourteen Point Two million Who s Esau again?

**erik**:
Esau is Connors father, Hes, the one who runs HEs, the CEO of CS.

**jason**:
CS Okay.

**jen**:
So we dont really know what Tom knows, you, dont.

**erik**:
That s exactly right, you know, he knows something, you know, he got a report.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, all right.

**erik**:
Let me just finish up.

**jason**:
Gods, teeth versus Eric made up Fifty fifty, yeah.

**erik**:
Yeah, so I would say, Uh, yeah, I mean, like you should, definitely. When were done with this session, you should definitely take a look. Yeah, yeah, and Im happy to go into more detail. Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

**jason**:
I own it, I thought I was looking at it. Yeah, exactly.

**erik**:
Yeah, yeah, for sure.

**erik**:
Yes, the middle was very different.

**erik**:
And and like, Yeah.

**erik**:
But the first session?

**erik**:
Was pretty much straight from.

**erik**:
Was pretty much straight from Gods teeth, yep.

**john**:
So essentially.

**john**:
Connor is is telling Tom George, Hey, were proposing that. We take everybody that s currently in this facility move them to a new facility in Somalia.

**erik**:
Yeah, in Mogadishu.

**john**:
At which point, well, transfer the Texas facility over to ice and well, get rid of all of the evidence that you havent been complying with that.

**erik**:
That s, right, so I think the the writing between the lines there is. You found out about this during the Biden administration and you didnt do anything about it. And its so horrific now that the fact that you didnt tell anyone now means that not only are you complicit, but the whole administration is complicit.

**john**:
Yeah, so well, make it go away if you give us all of these bodies.

**erik**:
That s right, that exactly right and help transfer. Yep, yep, that s exactly right, yeah. Handle the legal affairs of getting, you know, however, many people human trafficked to Mogadishu. Okay, so the other thing that happened in the session was that you guys reported in From a Dennys to Anthony Pizzarelli.

**jen**:
I like how your summary got moons over my hand, me.

**erik**:
Yeah, that was actually I went and looked it up.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
So.

**erik**:
Uh, it just said, I mean, it just said at Dennis, and I was like, No, we need to say Miami, so, um.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Just because they stopped offering the deck.

**erik**:
Did they? I dont even know what the dad I mean, like a Dagwoods, a sandwich traditionally right?

**john**:
Yeah, yeah, its a gigantic sandwich, yeah, its a loaf of bread. Well, the.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Hammy is the classic.

**john**:
Well, the Dagwood is a loaf of bread, with breakfast in between.

**erik**:
Okay, um, so after you guys hung up with Anthony Pizzarelli and shared all the details, he sent you a text. And that text said cease and desist all future investigations into any.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Of.

**erik**:
This matter no more investigating Connor Jacobs, no more investigating. You saw Jacobs no more investigating the Harvey Milk Water Reclamation plant, and then he called somebody. This was kind of a cutscene that you guys were not at and activated B cell for something saying he needed them for observation. And maybe more. All right, so you guys are at Dennys and were just gonna stitch rich into place.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, and.

**erik**:
All right, so what do you guys want to do? Um, I will list out what I think your open loop source.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yes, please.

**jen**:
What does Tom George know?

**jen**:
And how much of this Esau and Jacob, or Esau and Connor, yeah, like. How much does Esau know about what Connors doing it, and how much like is he? Is he the true bad guy? And hes just getting his son to do dumb shit, or is his son doing dumb shit that maybe his dad doesnt totally know about?

**erik**:
Yep, I I agree. So while youre sitting there, Jonas, what are you thinking?

**john**:
Oh, nice.

**erik**:
What are you thinking about the decision that you made two decades ago to spare the kids?

**jen**:
I mean, forever questioning, right?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, so it couldnt say, Yeah, youre going to jail, Yeah, I mean, it could have been a whole trial for us as we sent to prison.

**jen**:
Yeah, I think that part of me thinks we should have murdered those kids.

**jen**:
But also given a second chance. We have that kid, the graffiti kid, and I let him go so.

**erik**:
I was super shocked when you did.

**jen**:
I could not turn him over to Pizzarelli.

**erik**:
Okay, so do you want to?

**rich**:
Turn him over to Pizzarelli.

**erik**:
Because Pizzarelli was going to handle him in a farm in upstate New York, he literally used.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Those words who was like just making cool art? He didnt. I mean, he was obviously not quite right in search with all of his faculties, and it seemed cruel, it seemed cruel.

**john**:
Well, at this point, most of the kids, most of the Cornucopia kids that we have crossed paths with, have not been outwardly aggressive. Or if they have, they have been, theyve seemed to like, basically want to be put out of their misery.

**john**:
Like very few of them have been.

**jason**:
Deeply traumatized, yeah.

**john**:
Clearly traumatized, most of them have not been like no like, markedly malevolent in what theyre doing. This guy, in particular, seemed to be scared and kind of, um, subservient and clearly like, not in good health either. So the idea of.

**jen**:
He took out his teeth and offered them.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
To.

**jen**:
U.S. And I was like, I cant do it, Bud, Okay, that s for any other I cant send you to the farm upstate.

**erik**:
So, crox, what do you think?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Uh.

**erik**:
Do you think they should have? I mean, you werent there for it, yeah?

**andrew**:
Oh, did we should? They should have to kill the kids. I no, I still think a lot of this, I mean, Ive seen some crazy stuff.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
MM minus, Hmm.

**andrew**:
IM still under the impression that, um, those kids were like, you know, its, they were influenced by like, you know, drugs. Whatever you know, its always like, you know, its someone who s an adult. If it was an adult, then.

**john**:
Yeah, okay, it wouldnt have evolved anything, because ultimately, in all of these things, at the top of it is adults.

**john**:
And acting consciously, very nefariously.

**erik**:
Super, I think that s super clear.

**john**:
And they would have continued to do so whether or not they would have had an army of mute supernatural child child soldiers at their disposal.

**rich**:
And killing them to discover their tracks.

**erik**:
Yeah, so sorry, so, um, Bruce, last time last time I asked you this question, You said.

**jason**:
Welcome.

**erik**:
Yep, are you still there?

**jason**:
Yeah, I think Bruce is definitely still there and what I would say is so, so we so we. So we think Connor Jacobs is one of the kids, for sure.

**jen**:
Right, yeah.

**jason**:
So I think when the whole conversation about, is it, um, Esau or Connor Jacobs?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
MM minus, Hmm.

**jason**:
Like if the pattern holds its always the adult that has, you know?

**jason**:
Basically twisted these kids, right? So Connors, probably. I was saying Bruce and Bob Theyre both worth shooting, you know.

**rich**:
Yeah, again, and maybe this was like, talked about in the last session. But so the story from this Fortune article that I read is. Connor was taken from a park and then and then found under whatever weird circumstances.

**erik**:
So he was a while back. Yeah, so they.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
So.

**erik**:
His mom had taken him to an identikit rally where he got fingerprinted, and eventually he was found at King Torino Childrens Refuge, which was where the bear attacked. You guys sessions and you might be okay, yeah.

**rich**:
Yeah, okay, so that s an interesting point. Was he kidnapped, right?

**erik**:
Yeah, yeah, I mean, he was taken when he was super little.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Right, yeah.

**rich**:
Right, but that s a fact.

**erik**:
That is a fact, yeah.

**rich**:
So we know that Esau was not involved in anything. Oh true, yeah, Im handing my son over to this program, I think.

**andrew**:
Hes manipulated.

**jason**:
Yeah, that s true, that s true Esau might, yeah, youre right, youre right that.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Wouldnt be surprising.

**john**:
Yeah, yeah, that s right? And he also like in the I think if I remember right from the article like he was found. And it was like a big national story where he was missing, and then when he was found, he was basically like, never seen in public again. And they were very, yeah, and theyre very.

**rich**:
Theyre really worried about hearing like what hes doing.

**john**:
Yeah, theyre very vague and cagey about, like where he is and what hes doing beyond a reasonable expectation to protect his privacy.

**rich**:
Sure, exactly okay. And then also in the cornucopia a while back, the kids were being shuttled around between wealthy families, yeah.

**erik**:
So they were recycled between wealthy families, so it wasnt so much that they were sent to them. But they would be sent to them and immediately sent back under a different name back to Cornucopia House.

**john**:
Yeah, probably just paperwork, um, and we know that theyre, you know, they have various mechanisms for kind of washing identities and.

**john**:
Um, shuffling people around and changing identities.

**erik**:
Yep, so, um, airtight, what do you think about all this? Do you think that they should have killed the kids? Or absolutely not? Okay, well, now youre at a situation where the organization has told you guys, stop, I think you guys need to decide as a team. Where are you going and how far are you taking this? I mean, I mean, were already cut off.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Were cut off, right?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, were also restricted, no matter what we do were being surveilled.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, yeah.

**john**:
And so that limits our our latitude and.

**jason**:
Not to Meta minus game, but our characters would, I think, suspect this there s another group that s probably hunting us down.

**rich**:
So there was that cut minus saying of Pizzarelli completely. He picked up a phone and hes like, Yeah, is that something they know? Or we know that that s what theyre looking for?

**jason**:
Weve been in the program long enough. Yeah, I mean, I had some uncomfortable conversations with.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Pizzarelli.

**erik**:
Yeah, hes not very pleased with me. Hes been even more aggressive in in the course.

**john**:
Of this mission than in the past, and not in a way. That was like, Hes our scumbag kind of right, yeah, um. Its been very like Hes kind of stonewalled us and restricted us in in ways that have definitely hampered our ability to do. Our usefulness to him might be running out. Yeah, you can probably get investigating, okay?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Does.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Rich.

**andrew**:
Have any, because I think we brought up last time with the water treatment. Yeah, does Rich have any like insight, or is that, or does he know of anything that?

**erik**:
Rich.

**rich**:
It would help with, Oh yeah, I know all about Hydro Pontus Hydro. We just want to know they are good at they can. I worked with them with machinery that basically would dose downstream communities with drugs, unbeknownst to their, Uh, you know, so they wouldnt know, basically good drugs clandestinely.

**rich**:
Uh, beneficial drugs more or less well, go into it, uh, if you want to go if you want the the degree it was, it was worth it, it gave him cancer, but it was worth it. Yeah, yeah.

**erik**:
Okay, so, um, so how so okay, So are you guys all. Why dont you go around the table and tell me why Youre committed to moving forward? Ward?

**john**:
I mean, I think its clear that there is a pretty pervasive injustice that s been happening for decades. And everybody that is responsible for it is insulated via bureaucracy and power and money. And so, you know, maybe other people have gotten as close as we have and have been taken out as a result. Whether that s true, or whether this is the closest anybody s gotten to kind of unraveling this, it feels kind of incumbent upon us. Like, I dont think, with the exception of maybe Bruce, no offense. I dont think most of us can sleep easy knowing that this is just going on and we dont have kids, do we?

**john**:
Right now and I dont have the slightest inclination that Pizzarelli is going to do anything positive.

**erik**:
Okay, airtight.

**rich**:
You know its, Uh, I have a really good relationship with my son.

**rich**:
And, you know, reading this fortune article about this guy and losing his son and then thinking, Are these scumbags just stealing kids? And it could have been my kid, you know, and what are they doing to these these kids? And it just it just boils my bottom.

**rich**:
So, you know, I want to take them all down.

**erik**:
Okay, Jonas got to close the loop, man.

**jen**:
We started this. Yes, this is my life now I got.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
To.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Finish it.

**andrew**:
Crocs back from when you know. When I was a D.A. agent and the slugs, you know, had the formula that got at my partner that killed them.

**andrew**:
Just assuming that there was like, You know, something existed, that like, fucking horrible, that could like, you know, that could pollute the youth. Yep, and you know something otherworldly like that. Yeah, we know its got, we gotta. Even if this wont solve all the problems, we gotta try it. Great, okay, Bruce Bruces life is.

**jason**:
Marked by self minus sabotage and self minus destruction.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I love it.

**jason**:
Yeah, exactly, like near immortality, despite all of that.

**jason**:
No matter what he does, yep, he lives through it and he, uh, um. For him, the action is the juice.

**jason**:
Like that.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Right, yeah.

**erik**:
Excellent Um uh, Bruce, yeah and Jonas, you both get the same text message at the same time.

**erik**:
It comes from an unknown number.

**erik**:
It is a New York City area code. And and it says, We called once and you came and our lives were ruined for it. Now we are asking you to walk away. This is your final warning. I you thought you could take my thoughts Capital T from me. But you can no more take the thoughts out of a brain than you can take my thoughts from me, I wont contact you again.

**jen**:
Come up, be calmer.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
We called.

**rich**:
Him once, uh, called one.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Well.

**rich**:
Ruined their life. I mean, it was, yeah.

**jason**:
But, yeah, so would that have to be Connor Connors the only kid were dealing with? We, essentially?

**jen**:
Like in the kids, minds ruined their lives.

**rich**:
Well, also, but there s a bunch of, I mean, probably, but there is other kids that were unaccountable, yeah.

**jason**:
Yeah, yeah.

**rich**:
And they could be cocking as a whole.

**john**:
Isnt Connor.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
The only.

**john**:
One, at least, that weve seen so far that can communicate, yeah, that it has.

**erik**:
Yes, that s right, because he, his dad was able to afford this lot, that s right, Cadillac of Rehabilitation programs.

**john**:
Yeah, its like the the photographer had to have somebody email for.

**erik**:
That s right, the type of thing to a Prof, Yeah.

**john**:
Yeah, they cant speak, but they also just dont have language.

**erik**:
That s right, that s exactly right. Yep, Yep, um, okay, Oh sorry, uh. Also in the email, it says Uh, you can no more take my thoughts from me than take a thought from a mind. I will show you tonight. Okay, oh, she okay.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
So.

**erik**:
You have Tom George.

**erik**:
You have Esau Jacobs.

**erik**:
You have Connor Jacobs.

**erik**:
And a University of Texas from the Anxiety Research Center that s where the co two is being sent. And Harvey Milk Reclamation Plant, which you can look up an address of, you can find it on Google Maps. Is it real place? I know? I dont know if you, I don.t know, I dont think you actually can. Shara Yes, I will say my My ICE Organization chart, other than Connor Jacobs is exactly that is ICES organizational structure, including alternatives to detention.

**erik**:
So where are you going to go, what are you going to do?

**jason**:
I mean, I feel like the Thomas George Angle is Hes like a cover minus up guy, right?

**jen**:
Yeah, like something that we should know, or someone s gonna kill him, and then, well, never know what it is.

**jason**:
I think that s true, but it also feels like the core evil dynamic is between Connor and Esau.

**john**:
Sure, yeah, those two seem like the Tom. George seems like Hes probably a bad guy, but an inept government functionary who s caught up in evil machinations hes like.

**jason**:
RUMSFELD Right, hes just, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Hes the bag, man.

**erik**:
Oh, also, you could kind of you have yet to talk to Steven Provo about any of this. Im not saying you should. Im just saying that s another avenue of investigation.

**john**:
Yeah, I thought about that. It doesnt it doesnt seem like I I dont think I really would get much out of that.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
No problem.

**rich**:
Okay, this whole thing seems to me like that. Its, like the dad, had this tragedy happen to him, assuming he didnt orchestrate it. Yep, and then he puts his all his like, you know, time and effort into building this, you know, structure, uh, his prison structure, and hes constantly trying to make it like better. You know, he wants people to come out of it, better, go into it. And then he finds his son and his son has gone undergone. Whatever happens to these kids. And he breaks that seemingly, and then now his son is running a thing where theyre extensively experimenting on people.

**jason**:
Seems like it.

**rich**:
And but theyre also doing a co two dump with a company that works on, you know, clandestinely, dosing people without them, knowing it in their drinking water, right, right, and so, like, is this like, is this like a megalomaniac kind of like, Im gonna solve crime?

**jason**:
Yeah, yeah, yeah, because my son got hurt, right, exactly, you know what I mean like?

**rich**:
Its like thought crime or something right like not like that. But the idea is like, Is that what this is right? Is that what these come up over for?

**john**:
I cant remember, I might just be assuming, based on him being a private prison baron, I cant remember if I. It was something I read in the Fortune piece. But like, I remember being introduced to him and just thinking, like, Well, obviously this guy is evil.

**rich**:
Well, hes a senator, but.

**john**:
I think there was more to it. I just cant remember exactly what, but it seemed like. I think that s a good theory, I think, were also thinking that he might. The idea might be manufacturing more of these kits or trying to to get the the effects instituted in adults so they can be controlled.

**rich**:
Yeah, that s. What Im saying is like whatever whatever he found. If he wasnt part of the program at the beginning, whatever like they found during the the rehabilitation of his son, that like that was like, Oh, this research is interesting. Let s continue it.

**rich**:
And his son s in in it because its, like he lived it. So hes like now the head of it, because its like, you know, now the, you know, victim becomes the doctor in his hand.

**jason**:
Okay, so what are some things we could do right now? Like? I think we know people we can investigate, Im not sure we can go to El Paso.

**rich**:
We can go to this Tom Guy s place. We could try to hack into his stuff, I mean, whatever we can do, like if you want to find out what he knows.

**rich**:
Then you figure out like, How do you want to find out what he knows and were into his were in?

**jason**:
A Dennys in Texas, right?

**erik**:
No youre in a Dennys in Washington, D.C.

**jason**:
Yeah, yeah, there s an address on the Yeah, right, right, so yeah, right, I feel like that s where you start, right?

**jen**:
Yep, and this guy probably wants a friend because hes obviously been threatened.

**rich**:
But Hes also probably wary, too.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Sure, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I wouldnt expect that okay, so youre going to Tom Georges Office that s the address that you have were going to be burrito delivery, people all right or were going to be working after hours or were going to. What was the one where we smashed the sink and caused it to flood? Oh, yes, that was in Culver that was in masks that was in masks. Yeah, one of the bed, guys that s like some work. Okay, you guys walk out of the dennys to your car and there you see, waiting for you outside five rabbits and they are all staring right at you guys and they look at you. And as they do, you can see them lift their hind quarters a little and then out pops a baby, and then you all feel a little weird. Jonas You remember when you entered Stanford University and it felt like there was a shimmery bubble around it. That s the closest thing you can think of and you look down and you see that you were wrong. They didnt give birth, all three were all five. Rabbits are dead. Life comes at me fast. What do you guys do? All right, Are you going to the office building? You were wrong, They didnt give birth, All three were all five. Rabbits are dead. Life comes at me fast. What do you guys do? All right, are you going to the office building? All right, great, Uh, you guys take off the address in the mail that you guys took is actually, um, a U.S. federal headquarters of ICE So ICE has two divisions Securities and Enforcement Enforcement has five or six sub parts. One of those is custody management, which is what runs the detention facilities. And Tom George is the head of CUST is head of custody management. So hes what they would call in Ice a big deal. He is assistant director.

**rich**:
I also know what Jacobs doing.

**jason**:
That s the thing that I think you could. Yeah, yeah.

**erik**:
Because he would be, he would. One of his directs has Connor as a direct. Yeah, okay, so, um, you guys get to the federal office building rich. Why dont you make a poll for the bunnies?

**jason**:
I heard I heard, Yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Just knock it over.

**erik**:
Rich What physical characteristic would you say is a uniquely identifying trait of your son?

**rich**:
I dont know, I havent really thought about it actually, all right, but, you know, Im going to say he has these adorable freckles.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
All right.

**rich**:
I know.

**erik**:
So patch you notice that the rabbit that was staring at you and is now laying dead on the street has little dots of dark fur all around its cheeks. Um, all right, you have now pulled up to the ICE federal building. You can see people marching with signs, people in gas masks and there is a fence and there s security. Uh, what do you guys do? I mean, his office is definitely in there. Um, uh, Crocs, you get a call on your phone.

**erik**:
Uh hi, um, uh, what alias did you use to register the rent to buy the rental car to rent the rental car? Um, I think it was under, Um, uh, Chicks Masters, Hi im looking for Chicks Masters Is there a Chicks masters there? Uh yes, yeah, um, hi, yeah, uh, we were just processing, Um, uh, that your rental was canceled and we wanted to know if youre going to be bringing the car back today. And this is the current car, we have that s exactly right. Um, yeah, was it. Was it canceled just online, or did? Yeah, I mean, like, I dont know, I just work here. But we definitely saw that the contract got canceled. Okay, so, yeah, great, I mean, like, honestly, Youre paid up through probably eight p.m. tonight, so you know, anytime before then is fine.

**andrew**:
Got it?

**erik**:
Great, wonderful, I love it.

**jen**:
Youre like a secret agent and you have to deal with my environmental reservation.

**erik**:
That s how the sign was made. Yeah, okay, how do you guys get into the building? you guys know for sure? There will be Twentyfour Hour security at the building. It is a federal building.

**jason**:
Right on high alert.

**erik**:
Yeah, I mean, like, yeah, for sure, but people still have business and go in and out. If somebody were to say be a federal official or something, youd, get an alert or a survey.

**rich**:
Yeah, so do we want to also be like?

**jen**:
IM A federal official like, Yeah, ill have badges and stuff.

**jason**:
Right, I sure do, right. I could be your attorney.

**jen**:
They know who I am, theyre already watching like.

**jason**:
Ive been Ive been a immigration attorney.

**jason**:
Right, so so maybe Youre escorting me in. Yeah, I dont think we could all feasibly.

**jen**:
No, I dont think so, no.

**rich**:
But the two of us, Are you saying, Are you planning on just going like officially to Joseph? Are you going to try to get in the building and then like, sneak in or or what s what s your game plan?

**jen**:
Like to see how far I can officially get in.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
And then.

**erik**:
Okay, so you would know that your chances of getting in officially.

**erik**:
Are pretty good and way better. During business hours, youd be under a lot more suspicion going in when the building is more or less close to.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, great, so.

**jason**:
Joels be the agent ill be the attorney.

**erik**:
Yep, well.

**jason**:
Im Andrew like Chewbacca.

**erik**:
I mean, you still have DEA credentials.

**erik**:
Or actually, okay, you dont have CIA credentials because they dont hand those out, but you do have the, uh, your DEA credentials.

**jason**:
So I think the three of us have the legit reason to be able to go in there.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
All right, um, you need.

**jason**:
Like a cover story.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yep, right, it could.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Be.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, go ahead.

**rich**:
Ellen Well, well, draw up, Okay, we can do a thing, right? We can get in the car right? Well, drive around and if were being like, followed well, go into a thing. Well, go into a tunnel and you guys get out and then well, continue on and then theyll keep following us. And then you guys sneak out of the tunnel, theyre not following you anymore, nice.

**john**:
Then we can return to Connecticut.

**jason**:
So I think the fact that Hes had a custody ban and IM an immigration attorney means I think that were here. On a matter of moving a deportation, contesting a deportation.

**jason**:
And, um, and there s potentially drugs involved, and, uh, Jonas is the Agent Youre, the drug agent, IM, the person s attorney.

**erik**:
Okay, so when you guys see the, UH, its actually. Customs and Border Patrol are the ones who are securing the building.

**jason**:
MM minus, Hmm.

**erik**:
When you guys walk up, they ask you for your business, which three of you answers and what do you say first?

**jen**:
The lawyer should talk first.

**jason**:
Yeah, IM being escorted by these two agents to attend a pretrial conversation with the assistant Deputy Assistant Director, Director of Custody Management around a deportation issue.

**john**:
Uh, okay.

**erik**:
Um, and so he asked you for the name. Yeah, nice, yeah, okay, yep, Tom George, yeah, she said. Tom George, and he definitely does a double take at you. And then hes like, Hold on one second, please. And then he goes into a little booth. Where are you guys when this is going on?

**rich**:
Were returning the rental car, getting the booth s over my head, he gets my second breakfast were up front. Im probably idling, just waiting, just waiting.

**erik**:
So youre like double parked or something. Okay, hes in there, Jonas, why dont you make two pulls its hes definitely talking to somebody and you hear him definitely say, Yeah, for for Tom George, Yeah, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I know.

**erik**:
All right, yeah, sure, ill. Send them up. And he logs something something down in his clipboard. And then he ushers you into the building. And you go up to the office of Tom George and its busy. And there s a bunch of people there, and so, like there, s a front office. And then, like with his like administrative aide. And then behind, that is an open door to his regular office. And there are like three people in there and they are like rummaging around. And the administrative aide has like, Who s like a young woman? And she has puffy red eyes.

**erik**:
And Shes like, Did you say you had an appointment for today?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Uh, yeah.

**erik**:
Uh, what are your names? Uh, my name is, um, Bruce Walters Esquire Yeah, Yep, okay, great, So she shes like in your name. Uh, Jonas Friday. Well, that s my my real name. Yeah, so what do you give her for your name? I mean, like, if youre going to show a badge, you need to use Jonas Friday.

**jen**:
Uh yeah, all right, well, well, give her Jonas Friday.

**erik**:
All right, and you crock.

**andrew**:
Yep, well, go crock it.

**erik**:
All right, so she writes your names down and shes like, Look, Um, I dont have any, uh, I dont have any record of your meeting here with him.

**jason**:
Um, weve weve come a long way and today is the weve got, Uh um, I mean, the deportation like could be happening tonight. Like theyre loading up the plane. So there is no there. S no there s no come back tomorrow. In this, there is a We need to meet with Tom George today.

**erik**:
Okay, so as youre saying this, two things happen simultaneously. You see the people walk out and they go, Hey Ashley, you know, we didn.t find anything in there. Well, definitely keep you abreast if we hear anything. And then they walk out and shes like, Thank you guys, I appreciate it so much and you can see shes clearly very shook up.

**erik**:
And um, uh, minus, Oh, meanwhile, that dude s dead you guys, the two of you guys, yeah, youre seeing a lot of stray dogs for downtown Washington, D.C. And what are we going to roam? They all cruckle and, oh no, they feel like theyre getting closer to you guys. What do you want to do? I mean, were in a car.

**rich**:
Im not so worried about him. Do I get any on the? Because I got like a connection to predatory animals?

**john**:
Uh, minus, huh?

**rich**:
And that s a dog, right?

**andrew**:
Theyre Predators, right?

**rich**:
Yep, might get any, uh, go ahead and make four polls, four polls, I guess its the finale you.

**erik**:
Is this a finale? I mean, well, definitely go beyond this session, but.

**rich**:
Oh okay, you Im gonna move to that. Oh my. My mind needs to a better a better, more, uh, strategic location here. Erics gonna make us grease our fingers when we do polls.

**erik**:
Rich You feel an electric shock as you try to make contact its like before you were just on the same wavelength of these animals.

**jason**:
That was the third goal, by the way.

**erik**:
And he, Um. And this time you definitely make a connection again, but they definitely do not want you there. And you are definitely alien. And you, Oh my God.

**rich**:
Do I have to keep doing this one, or do I have to? No, no, no, no, no, you do not.

**andrew**:
Okay, cool.

**erik**:
You just cant switch to the cards at this point or burning your bond.

**rich**:
Oh, that s fine, Im never burning my bond, you know that I know that Im gonna go to hell before I fucking condemn myself to death.

**erik**:
Just a half a second rich, you pass out.

**rich**:
Oh, no.

**erik**:
And then you come back.

**erik**:
And when you come back with, Um, what pull is this?

**rich**:
This is for it, okay?

**erik**:
When you come back, the supernaturalness of the situation definitely gets you. No were good, were good, were good, No, no, that was too.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Hard.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
So you, you dont smell sugar cookies, you smell notice. I didnt light it. Um, uh, weirdly. PARIS. There is a store that sells really weird oddities like macabre oddities. And I bought it where s my wallet. No, no, no, uh, they only ship to the EU. And so I had it shipped to my friend, one of my wife, s friends and yeah.

**jen**:
That s amazing, What s your name?

**rich**:
Of that candle?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Dont open it again.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I dont even know what it is. Dont Open.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
It again, it is rotting flesh. Oh my God, Oh wow, yeah, over here. Oh, you guys can see that I keep it double sealed, right, yeah.

**john**:
That s a legit bad smell. I know Im imagining somebody be like, I think I was like, Moron in America bought I didn.t see you.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Open.

**rich**:
Up another candle and then you said that you didnt smell anything yet. Yeah, and im like, Well, that s a weird thing to say, and then Im like, Oh, never mind, all right.

**andrew**:
It would have been better if you were doing totally fine that he smelled that than the entire.

**erik**:
I just want to say Sixteen month Ive had this, I cant wait for this moment, I cannot wait, I cannot wait. Well, that was horrible. Thank you. Truly grateful, yeah, when we open deeply awful.

**rich**:
At least, Uh, now you have a memory. Yeah, yes, that s never going to go away. I know he would lose it. Typically its like rottis smell, but my brain is like that. S smelly it is.

**rich**:
Im like, Im trying to like going through the files, like what were specifically was that.

**erik**:
Have you ever have you ever, um, been to the Yeah, or have you ever been to those flowering of the corpse?

**jen**:
Ive never wanted you to open the sugar cookie.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
One right now, Im gonna rebuild the tower rich, you are doomed, my friend.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, its okay, someone help me.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Grab your bond. Yep, Oh yeah, yeah, there s no point now. um, okay.

**erik**:
So, uh, uh, you guys, um, what do you do? All right? So, uh, you wake up what happened to him? You wake up, John. You can also smell the rotting flesh and, uh, it doesnt mean youre doomed. No, it doesnt mean youre doomed. No, youre just you.re just smelling, Uh, okay, what do you? Um, what do you guys? Okay? So what do you want to say to the secretary? Uh, I want to say, Um, uh.

**jason**:
Is, Uh, Mr George will dispose of it. Um, uh, Mr. George is out of the office today. Uh, he left some files on his desk. For us, this deportation happened. I mean, the plane is gonna leave. Can we at least go in and get the files?

**erik**:
Um, uh, if you okay. So if youd like, I gotta do this before he builds the tower again. Im not gonna hurry gun on her, so so she says, Well, would you, would you? If you describe it to me? ID Be happy to go take a look. Uh, well, can you tell me who s like? I? I dont know, but.

**rich**:
I mean.

**erik**:
How are you going to identify it?

**jason**:
Um oh, well, I I would know the, um, I would know. A file prepared by, Uh, Inspector Claude at site.

**erik**:
She starts crying.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
In her tissue.

**erik**:
Yeah, he takes it, and she thanks you and Shes like, Look, my, my father s not been around for for four days now and we dont know those things. So youre not gonna im sorry. Any business you had, you would need to pick it up with the executive director, Executive, Associate Director for Enforcement and Removal Operation.

**jen**:
Wait, meaning Shes his daughter.

**erik**:
Yep, Nepotisms is the executive director.

**jason**:
We will definitely do that.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, I.

**erik**:
Just know the executive director is the reports directly to the head of ICE.

**erik**:
To Todd Lyons, who also was a Hubble one.

**jason**:
Yeah, that s right? His grandmother was a famous butter sculptor.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, really did.

**jason**:
You know that.

**erik**:
I did not know that.

**jason**:
She won the Iowa State Fair. Butter sculptor thing multiple times. Life one, one, yes, exactly. And.

**erik**:
He was also a winemaker.

**jason**:
Oh, um, you.

**andrew**:
Were surprised, though.

**jason**:
Unfortunately, we cant wait for bureaucracy. The deportation plane leaves tonight. This is a live. This is a person that will be put in a prison in Honduras, and it will be, you know, very sad, tortured. And I hope, Okay, if I want to push her, yeah, that s what Im doing.

**erik**:
Okay, then.

**jason**:
Physically.

**rich**:
Boy, look at this.

**john**:
All right, go ahead and make two polls two.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, okay.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
You know.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I did.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
A.

**jason**:
Good setup. Okay, yeah, its like.

**erik**:
Okay, youre right, youre right, youre right? One poll Yeah, there you go. A born lawyer, all right. She starts to yell at you, Shes like, Didnt you hear me? I said, My father is missing.

**rich**:
Yeah, I heard you, you can stop someone else, s father one hand, one hand Im missing, no, no.

**erik**:
No, you can switch hands all you want, just one at a time. Yep, no problem Mastermind goes. She flips out, yeah, but she runs, she cant control herself, and she runs out of the room, leaving you guys all in the office all.

**jason**:
Right, let s root through this, let s root through this shit I start. Bruce starts tearing through files.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I lock the door.

**jason**:
Okay, great hes looking for anything that has Naomi Klein, anything that has Connor Jacobs, anything that s. Esau Jacobs.

**rich**:
Okay, and that s Harvey milk, I think.

**john**:
Harvey Milk Yeah.

**erik**:
On his desk is a order to, Um, inside of ice. There is a part called Removal Operations, and one of the things they run is they run ice air operations. And so hes contacting ice air operations. And its not like they run a big airlines, but they arrange for flights. And he is working with them to arrange seven or eight charter flights to Mogadishu. And you can see that all there and you see the paperwork from Crown, Root and Ridge. That is a transfer of funds to the Harvey Milk Water Reclamation plant, of which is a portion of the alternatives to detention. And its for fourteen point two million dollars you you find amongst his personal stuff, you find his cell phone number.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Great.

**erik**:
Um, uh, I mean, other than that, its a government office. Is there anything specific?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
You?

**erik**:
Guys are looking for.

**john**:
Look for the safe behind the behind the plant, the picture.

**erik**:
Um, Andrew, go ahead and make a poll to see if anybody tries to open the door while its locked.

**rich**:
You want to get like a.

**erik**:
I know its early, but you should take it serious. I, um, nice.

**jason**:
You know, in government offices.

**jason**:
There s a lot of forms that can be filled out.

**jason**:
To accomplish things.

**jason**:
Maybe its all on a computer and youre like there s nothing paperwork that you could do there that you could forge. Yep, Im curious if there s like a order of detention kind of paperwork that I could, if I could try to find a way to order somebody s detention, yes, if I could try to, if there s some method that I could order somebody s detention.

**erik**:
Okay, so a. yes, you absolutely find detention like all APVs for people who its a form that you send to removal operations.

**erik**:
And then they find the fugitive and they remove them.

**jason**:
And is there like a highest kind of priority, or like alerting system on it?

**erik**:
So there s A like were going to say, There s a government stamp.

**erik**:
That is like, you know, highly urgent.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Great.

**erik**:
And so you get the stamp great.

**jason**:
Sweet, I am filling out.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
The.

**jason**:
Name Anthony Pizzarelli.

**erik**:
All right, okay, were just gonna burn it all down, okay? The first time I ask anyone to make a poll about B cell.

**erik**:
Jason You just remind me that you dont need to. Okay, all right, all right, um, you find.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I submit the form, though. Yeah, absolutely its its submitted. Um, and so that s going to be like, still like it, doesnt it. Yeah, its gonna be great. It.ll be really fun to work from home tomorrow. Watch a movie in here. Yeah, we might watch Boopy shoot on cooking.

**jason**:
I probably should.

**rich**:
Yeah, it smells like rotten. I have such bad smell like that.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I.

**rich**:
Dont smell it anymore.

**jen**:
We have just gotten used to it.

**erik**:
Yeah, we are like, sense, dead to it. Okay, so uh, im really ruining sugar cookies for you, okay, you guys find paperwork about the Harvey Milk Water Reclamation plant. You may all ask me any one question you want about the Harvey Milk Water Reclamation plant and its relationship with Ice. And I may answer, but probably I mean, what s? What is this stated public facing relationship? It is a, um. It was a water reclamation plant which has now been bought by Customs and Border Patrol, which is used for warehousing of personal effects of detainees.

**john**:
Its an improvised prison.

**erik**:
That s that s exactly right. And so it is not publicly acknowledged as a prison.

**john**:
So its a black hole.

**erik**:
It is a black site.

**andrew**:
What s the inventory of other stuff that s shipped there?

**erik**:
Oh no, that s just a front.

**andrew**:
Oh, okay.

**erik**:
Yeah, yeah, that s what its publicly known as its really. So it was okay. Go ahead and ask me other questions, guys.

**andrew**:
So there s that takes out any of the water.

**erik**:
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah. It was originally built by Pottsville Hydro.

**andrew**:
But what are the other chemical teams ship or that s how you require, I mean.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I the only chemicals I know about is the co two thing and not an electrolyte. Oh, the two thing pitch and base show up at the moment, yeah. And so if the co two thing can do like panic, we think about, like, Batman begins, you know what I mean? Like that scenario like a scarecrow scenario.

**erik**:
Rich, what question do you have?

**john**:
I mean, it was really a Brazal Gulf scenario, it was really a Brazal Gulf scenario.

**rich**:
So there s no like mention there s no like technical refit or anything for, or was there so?

**erik**:
It was emptied and then contracted to CSC and CSC was fully financially responsible and responsible for the retrofit.

**rich**:
And there s do we know? But the retrofit was probably just for prison, this time to prison, so it was originally.

**erik**:
And you winked winks that retrofit. It was originally designated as a Child Separation Detention Center during the Child Separation era of Trump. And that S, actually, when Connor Jacobs got involved was during child separation, and he and so kids were stored here separate from their parents.

**rich**:
Gotcha So they want a place to put kids, which makes sense.

**john**:
Yeah, there are also the one thing that we know is being shipped. There was the Thirtyfive percent. Co Two was actually shipped to the University of Texas at El Paso.

**rich**:
Oh, okay, never mind. Well, I mean, we can. Also, that might be a lead to figure out what, then, what is it done there?

**jen**:
Yeah, and there s no mention or inkling of Inspector Kleins initial findings or her report, so she.

**erik**:
I want I want that report. So she, yeah, because what made her cry? The secretary cry when Klein was there. So, um, so you do find the initial report okay? And it is attached to a copy of the extortion letter in the office.

**jason**:
Oh, okay, yeah.

**erik**:
And, yep, and the here s what happened? So Connor Jacobs read in to the Harvey Water Reclamation plant. A woman named Marley Matlin and Marley was not one of the alumni of Cornucopia House. And he made a mistake. And she got horrified and she ran to Naomi Klein and said They are abusing kids in there. And she started to file a report and she only was like she was in early investigation. But she notified Tom George immediately, so she does not work for Tom George. She would have worked in the Office of Professional Responsibility, which reports up to the director, but she filed this report, Um.

**jen**:
And he didnt open a formal investigation.

**erik**:
He did not, although.

**jen**:
They have receipts. But he received the report.

**erik**:
That s exactly right. So he got the report, he doesnt know what abuse happened there, he doesnt have evidence he just.

**rich**:
He never saw that dossier.

**erik**:
Yeah, that s right? He never saw a pink Hello Kitty folder.

**erik**:
Yeah, okay, okay, Bruce. What question do you have about the Harvey Milk Water Reclamation plant?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
How to burn it down Yeah, exactly, yeah, exactly. Put this on an exhaust port well.

**john**:
There s no water there anymore, so it should be easier, right, yeah.

**jason**:
Can I, um, not the plant specifically.

**erik**:
Or I mean, like, honestly, anything related to Tom George, or that you think, Might there might be documentation here about?

**jason**:
Yeah, I mean, Im curious. We havent seen anything related to ESAL here at all only only the Sun only.

**erik**:
That s right now, remember, Connor is not in like is actually not an employee of CSC. He was an employee of the federal government and he.

**john**:
But he theoretically like, reported to Tom George.

**erik**:
He reported to the Head of Alternatives to Detention, who reports to Tom George.

**john**:
Yeah, but then he was still writing that letter, squeezing him, You know what I would like?

**erik**:
Yes, what?

**jason**:
I would like Connors performance records like any like yearly Performance Review annual.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Review Yeah.

**jen**:
Still one to five, how old do you?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Ive practically never been off of that, exactly.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Um, got it so.

**rich**:
Many.

**erik**:
Right, okay, so his first year there, he gets terrible reviews as unstable.

**jason**:
Ive been there.

**erik**:
And, um, aggressive. And then, after the first year after his first year, his reviews are great.

**jason**:
Interesting, Rocky start.

**erik**:
Rocky start, then.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Transfer you.

**erik**:
Know, but it feels like when when Trumps child separation policy stops that s when his performance turns around and its like, but also youve like, you see, like a suspicious lack of details in what hes.

**andrew**:
Responsible for?

**jen**:
Like I heard the way that the evaluation reports, the person just wrote the same exact paragraph, right?

**erik**:
Carrie Houghton, the social worker.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Right, that sort of vibe to it.

**erik**:
Um, it is, maybe. yeah, maybe. yeah, yeah, maybe yeah, Um, okay, what do you guys do? Um, okay, um, airtight and mollusk, there are a set airtight and mollusk that s like somebody fight, so not something with a two terajoule Joey like, Be plot. So the dogs start to collect around the car and they start barking and like theyre not going to get in the car. But its starting to make a scene. What do you smell like, though? And yeah, it reminds me of, and he, Uh uh, airtight is still passed out next to you. Well, ill. Try to wake him up all right. So hes hes groggy but awake, but he definitely seems out of it, but responds to pain. Yeah, responds to pain. Yeah, hes hes definitely coming out of it, but hes, Yeah, what do you do?

**rich**:
Oh, it feels like I got doomed.

**erik**:
Is there I mean, like, Do you want to do anything about the dogs? You can literally just leave them there, but they are causing a scene.

**rich**:
Yeah, people are starting to look at you, yeah.

**john**:
I mean, I think we should, probably if we can move the car without running over, the dogs go.

**rich**:
Ahead and make a pull there s six dogs, one pull.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, I will tell you guys that there s six dogs, one.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Pull.

**erik**:
Okay, I will tell you guys that, Uh, okay, um, I, I feel like Youve drained all the information that is around the office.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, great.

**erik**:
So what do you guys do?

**jason**:
Uh, party campus.

**erik**:
Yeah, I do like this big federal office building. You guys could start a fire. But its No.

**jason**:
Were just gonna leave.

**erik**:
Yeah, Andrew, you go to unlock the door, make one local.

**jason**:
I think even if someone s coming in, we got some good excuses.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
All right, there you go.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Good job.

**erik**:
You unlock the door, Croc, you open it, you guys step out and you see Ashley George.

**erik**:
And you see her walking back to the office and she kind of hand waves past you and she walks in.

**erik**:
She slams the door.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
We dont care about her anymore.

**erik**:
Yeah, okay, what now?

**jason**:
Should we go to the Harvey Milk plant?

**jen**:
I mean, yeah, we gotta get out of D.C. right, right, right? APV for our Pisano like we gotta move.

**john**:
We gotta return the rental car.

**jason**:
If we do that right, there s the daily plan.

**erik**:
I mean, that s the airport so you guys could return it at the airport and fly to El Paso or drive into El Paso.

**jason**:
Yeah, well, get set. Yeah, let s were gonna do that.

**erik**:
All right, you guys return the rental car, and, um, uh, do you guys use your you guys have a set of? I dont want to say corporate cards because Delta Green Doesnt have corporate cards, but you have. But you guys have random credit cards in someone else s name that work.

**erik**:
Do you want to use those, or do you want to use your personal credit cards?

**jen**:
I dont even have a personal credit card. Jonas Friday just uses other people s.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Declined. Well, you know what wont get declined crypto, so all of our burner cards are declined. All your burner cards are declined. Okay, who s gonna steal one off?

**jen**:
Of somebody who s a pickpocket.

**jason**:
I couldve gotten the blower out.

**andrew**:
What your name is Crox, Your name is Crox. Um, I, so we have our, um. So in my wallet you have your personal credit card, you could use it. Yes, yeah, it is in a separate, it is in a false pocket in your backpack. So I do have also, so Ive kind of justified with the slugs agents. Yeah, um, or anybody you know any, like basically crooked cops. Yeah, like that s, just like one of the worst things to me. Yeah, um, so through, um, like, you know them like. Similar to that, I think I cant remember if those were the Baltimore cops, too, in that situation they were.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
La la.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, cool.

**andrew**:
But either way.

**erik**:
Yeah, L.A. County sheriffs.

**andrew**:
Yeah, Ive essentially like, kept some of their theyve had, like prepaid cards. Yeah, you know, that theyve just used that they fucking amongst their wealth that they have had. Yeah, right, so I always like, I kept a couple of those. I was like, Im going to use these to cash them in for some.

**erik**:
Zero days.

**andrew**:
Yeah, yeah, but for, but, you know, for a good official year.

**erik**:
Right, yep, all right, great. Go ahead and make one poll. Jason, did we hear about Mythos and the Zero Days?

**jason**:
Oh, my God could have told you, yeah, well, but then there was also a thing that might be kind of bullshit.

**erik**:
Oh, really, I did not hear that yet, I hope so, yeah.

**jason**:
Yeah, yeah, so because it was like a lot of the zero days are in code that s like, like its like, unexploitable.

**erik**:
Yeah, for sure.

**jason**:
Its like, Oh, you found this thing, but it actually cant be activated. Yeah, fine, yeah, like a.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Theoretical bug.

**jason**:
Exactly exactly so.

**erik**:
All right, Crocs, the You pull out the credit card, um.

**rich**:
You guys could stop at like an ATM and get cash out with your own cards and pay cash.

**erik**:
That s too easy that way. They dont know where youre from. All right, you guys, you guys. Book a flight with your credit card with your fake credit with your old credit card, and it totally still works. And you guys get on an airplane going to El Paso, Texas, Okay.

**jen**:
D.C. to El Paso.

**jason**:
Yeah, yeah.

**jen**:
Oh, first class.

**erik**:
No, you are last minute purchase back of the plane, last rows.

**jason**:
Do you have a candle that smells like airplane toilet?

**erik**:
Which of you is the first person on the airplane to smell rotten flesh? And I will not open the candle for you guys. Uh, Bruce will take the hit all right. I mean, that s just what the inside of airplane smells like. I mean you, you smell rotten, you do me good. Yeah, yeah, you smell rotten flesh, and then all of a sudden you feel a kind of shake in the airplane and then you feel, Oh, never mind. Then you feel another shake on the airplane and then you look ahead. And the people who are in the exit row are pointing and looking out the window.

**rich**:
Is it, is it, are we in flight?

**erik**:
You are in flight, youre in the air and you see, and you guys feel the airplane start to veer up like climb the seatbelt. Light goes on and the captain is, Um, you guys arent going to believe this. But we appear to have hit a flock of crows on our way to altitude were gonna try to. And the airplane starts to shudder and you hear an explosion at the wing of the airplane.

**andrew**:
And we got three other engines.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, its true, um.

**rich**:
Yeah, but not if theyre on fire, yeah.

**erik**:
You hear you hear thump, thump, thump as crows are hitting the outside of the plane.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Guys, what did we do? All right, who hears the pilot who s all right?

**erik**:
I mean, the pilot s not dead, Hes still flying the plane. All right, you hear you feel the, you feel the airplane jolt, and I need each of you, Uh, okay, why dont we do this? Oh no, I was really gonna pull a card. Can you add a card? Yeah, all right now, everybody pick a card, even me. Im already picking one, yeah, Im already picking one.

**jen**:
Oh, youre sticking out, I dont know which one s the death card. I really dont you know the trail. Uh, okay, why?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Dont we do this? Oh no, I was really gonna pull a card.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Can you add a card?

**erik**:
Yeah, all right now, everybody pick.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
A card.

**rich**:
Even me Im already picking one, yeah, Im already picking one.

**erik**:
Oh, youre sticking out, I dont know which one s the death card. I really dont you know the trail, you guys, youre safe for now. All right, all right, Um, all right, Uh, you feel the airplane shudder as another engine goes out.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I really dont want to die this way. My character s been through so much, I know exactly I cant help here.

**erik**:
Right, that s right, you can help, but Im going to make somebody else pull for you.

**rich**:
Well, yeah, I want, I dont want to doom anyone.

**jen**:
Okay, how are you doomed? Like, How does he die?

**erik**:
Well, have to find out.

**rich**:
Oh yeah, yeah, it may not be here, it could be, it could be dead.

**jen**:
Oh yeah, youre just double doom.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Well, I dont know what to do about.

**erik**:
All right people are starting to scream in the airplane after the second engine fails. Fortunately, its on the other wing and you are not yet, uh, falling out of the air. Somebody s gotta do something.

**rich**:
So I I, I could its a role. I have a black character. N has an empathic connection with predatory animals.

**jen**:
Yeah, but it didnt work.

**rich**:
Well, only because it fell only because I didnt pull well enough. I can give that shot to one of you guys if you want.

**jason**:
I mean, I think its one of our only chances.

**rich**:
If I did that, if I tried to use my impact, uh, minus, huh? Sway off them, convince them that this is what you want to do, guys like, how many pools would that be?

**erik**:
Um, I would ask the other four people to make one pool.

**rich**:
Oh, I could do that then. I dont think we have much choice here.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
All right.

**rich**:
Um, it tends like Im going to go first and you can take the card too technically if you want.

**erik**:
You could definitely take a card.

**rich**:
And you have twentyfive percent and.

**jen**:
Because I didnt this just seemed one in four shot really seemed like speaking to me and I.

**erik**:
Jonas Friday had a great run. I am going to need to figure out some mechanics for next session and figure out how to get people playing while theyre due. Oh, I know exactly what Im going to do. Oh, depending on the day you play, I might not even be able to play. Yeah, Im just kidding, Well, you dont necessarily get to die. Eric Okay, here s What were going to say in every session? My character might just be trapped. Yeah, okay, people who are the two of you who are due? Okay, um, so, uh, you can continue to pull. But if you fail again and you do not need to do it this time, if you fail this time, then all of your bonds are burnt.

**rich**:
Oh, no.

**erik**:
Go ahead.

**jen**:
Not going for the card. I thought I had a better shot at the card.

**erik**:
You might be right, you can you, if you, you guys see the lights, one, the lights go out and flashing white lights come around.

**jen**:
Real finesse.

**erik**:
And, uh, across, uh, Walters, who wants to go first? I can let you draw to figure out who pull, who pulls first.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Ill draw card first, ill go first, all right.

**rich**:
There s this, Uh youre gonna pull it.

**erik**:
Yeah, yeah, the Airpplane starts to tilt nose down. Howd you feel about that tower?

**john**:
Its pretty bad. I mean, I think here we go, yes.

**erik**:
All right, all right, leave it face up.

**rich**:
Yeah, so if it makes the other one, uh, percentage goes up.

**andrew**:
Yeah, how do you feel about that tower?

**rich**:
Its not impossible, but its not great. All right, the plane. We wrote that away to tap. Yeah, there s A that screwed me, I tapped too hard.

**andrew**:
Its a confident Tapper.

**erik**:
All right, Airtight passes out again as he feels that electric jolt of contact, but whatever he did in passing out, it is enough.

**jason**:
Good job.

**erik**:
The plane, the plane is diverted, the plane is diverted to Nashville Airport. Where you guys, uh.

**rich**:
Visit the Op Cradle Opera. Yeah, yeah.

**erik**:
You guys get out, they offer to put you up for the night in a hotel and you guys will be transferred to. A. You know, I mean, like their support staff and theyre helping you through this. And of course, your flight is now totally comped, so nobody has to pay for anything. And, uh, do you guys want to get on another flight?

**rich**:
How far are we driving? You tell me, Youll have to tell me, Yeah, ten hour, probably at least, yeah, if not more.

**erik**:
Yeah, you can definitely take it in turns.

**jen**:
Yeah, I think we should try to just drive. Yeah, we cant stay in one place. Yeah, all right.

**erik**:
Uh, crox, are you using the same credit card or a new one?

**andrew**:
Um, so technically it is a credit, but its like a prepaid one.

**erik**:
Oh, okay, so then.

**andrew**:
So there s no way to trace it or anything that s why that s, why? I took it originally because I was like its already money that s already. Gray marked yep.

**erik**:
So you, yeah, you use it, and you use it again because it its refunded the money back because your plane crashed or almost crashed.

**erik**:
And you guys land the next day at Dallas minus Fort Worth International Airport. Um, im sorry, and then you catch a connecting flight to El Paso.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Well, we were gonna drive.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh Im sorry, you catch a well, Im sorry.

**rich**:
Its eighteen, its eighteen hour, its a long drive.

**jason**:
Well, we just flew.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, yeah, okay.

**erik**:
So, um, who s driving the car? All right, you are mid drive when, in an alternate world, out of a blind intersection comes speeding a Corvette into the side of your car, ramming it and blowing the car up. The person who blew it up was never found. But those arrangements were postponed because of the temporary incarceration of Anthony Pizzarelli.

**andrew**:
That s right.

**jen**:
And you guys are in incarceration. I hope he knew it was up.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
That s right? He knows exactly what s going on Hes got, Hes got more coming to him by the end of this session. Im going to it.ll be like the end of real genius. Im going to have a laser gun space blow up his house.

**erik**:
Okay, what is your Im gonna ask you guys what you think your approaches are for the For Paso, so you guys are in El Paso. You have pre minus purchased five nights at a motel and paid cash. And I think we want to look at the water treatment facility and the University of Texas. Okay, so you go to, do you want to do a drive minus by of the water facility?

**john**:
Yeah, I think I mean, at least to just scope it out.

**erik**:
So it has barbed wire around it. I mean, its got like chain link fence and then barbed wire and there s people patrolling outside. And theyre definitely. Um, uh, not like.

**erik**:
So they are government officials, so theyre ice, which means theyre not actually technically allowed inside the facility. They are only guarding the outside. And that s because of the legal lease agreement, where in order to protect CSCS IP, their ice is. And no government agents are allowed in the facility without thirty day written notice and.

**john**:
Because theyre cowards.

**erik**:
And because Theyre kept, it looks from the outside like an old water reclamation plant. The Harvey Milk sign is still there, though it clearly has seen better repair days. And you see a front entrance. And good. McCall, You see two things of note. The first thing you see is that on the loading dock are a number of tanks of some kind of gas, large ones. And, um.

**john**:
Its either Co two or the fear toxin.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Um, nice job.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Well.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
See.

**erik**:
You also see an unmarked black sedan parked in the neighborhood outside the plant that is watching you guys. And so you do not dawdle and you do not stop and you just continue driving by. But you are pretty sure that its the organization.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, mm minus, hmm.

**john**:
Team Yeah, we saw.

**erik**:
Yep, okay, so that s what you get from a quick drive minus by, and then what else did you want to do?

**john**:
Um, do we know which department at the University of Texas at El Paso is supposed to be receiving the award?

**erik**:
Yeah, it would be the psychology department, for sure.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, um.

**jason**:
I want to get us guns, yes, and I am going to in Texas. Good luck, I know its a dry, you know?

**rich**:
We dont always walk into a place and buy guns. Actually, yeah.

**erik**:
If we would have flown in, they would have just handed us one of the guns, right? Exactly its like slot machines in Vegas, yeah.

**jason**:
If we have enough cash available.

**jason**:
Then ID like to just. Yeah, then I dont need to pull any tricks. Um, uh, Im gonna buy a.

**rich**:
Thumbware hat.

**jason**:
Exactly exactly okay. Who s going with?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
You to the demo.

**jason**:
Um, well, theyre tight. Yeah, yeah, okay.

**jen**:
Um, you guys definitely bring the guy who s passed out like three times on my podcast.

**rich**:
Im up about now, right? Or am I still messed up?

**erik**:
No, youre back, youre back, youre back, Okay, like I said, you guys can both pull, No, you just will burn your bonds.

**erik**:
Um, okay, you guys are both there.

**erik**:
Um, what kind of gun do you want? Wow, I mean, like the Sky, s the limit, really.

**rich**:
Yeah, and I dont know. Even at gun shows. There s loopholes to buy rifles, but there might be and itll be easier to buy pistols than it will be to buy rifles.

**jason**:
No ill buy pistols.

**erik**:
Im gonna think all right, sure.

**jason**:
Yeah, excellent, whatever the easiest, whatever the whatever gun doesnt involve a pool.

**rich**:
And maybe it, maybe a shotgun.

**erik**:
Yeah, I would say definitely shotguns, no pole, yeah, I would say, like AR minus Fifteen, no Ar minus Fifteen. But hunting rifles like if you want something with a scope that s not a problem, youll pull, okay.

**jason**:
That s not a problem. Okay, well, get let s get a couple scoped rifles, a couple handguns and a shotgun.

**rich**:
Yeah, yeah, yeah, that s cool, that s cool.

**jen**:
Two people on overwatch Yeah.

**john**:
Okay, um.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
You guys are in the car on the way back. Um, who s driving ill, keep driving. Uh, no, no from the country. You guys are in the car on the way back, um?

**andrew**:
Who s driving ill, keep driving?

**erik**:
Uh, no, no from the country, I dont know. Ill drive, I guess okay, and you guys are at the U of T Psychology Department. Sure, mm minus. Hmm, okay, then maybe we rent a car, or maybe a Uber good idea. I dont think you can put a duffel bag of guns in the back of a car. Im not sure about that. So El Paso is pretty warm. Yeah, and you turn on the air conditioning in the car, Oh God, and you see something. Start crawling out of the air conditioning. Yeah, you see a bunch of brown recluse spiders start to pour out of the car. You guys are going sixty, go ahead, make a pull, and then were kind of like you make a pull to keep the controls down. I dont its not about the law, yeah, its not about the law, its about the law.

**jason**:
All right, and then I do need to go to bed soon.

**john**:
Yes, and then, well, call it a Nightmar and then, well, pick it up at U of T.

**rich**:
There s this movie that I like called Victor Charlie Romeo, which is.

**john**:
A.

**rich**:
Its voice Bot Charlie Victor Romeo, a cockpit voice.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Recorder.

**rich**:
And its recordings of planes have crashed and its reenactments of the cockpit conversations before the crash and its done like a theater.

**andrew**:
So Im going to say Jace doesnt have to do a pull. Because before or when they got in the car, they realized that the car hadnt been fully cleaned. Yeah, and someone had just left like a little like spray can of a You know, like, Well, whatever the equivalent of like a later.

**erik**:
Because we know this is the last pull of the day. You cant use that in the next session, then okay, all right, great, excellent good session. Everybody, thank you.

**jason**:
That was probably an ending tear.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I bet.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Both of you guys died.

**john**:
Tears and necrotizing fasciitis and necrotizing fasciitis.

