**jason**:
Last session must have been the conclusion, but it sounds like more is coming.

**erik**:
More is coming.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yes, more is coming.

**john**:
Weve started it, yeah.

**erik**:
Yes, that was part one of the finale.

**jason**:
Oh okay, great, yeah, all right, did you catch Jen up on it yet?

**erik**:
I have not yet.

**erik**:
So well, do that in just a second.

**erik**:
And then, So what well do is Shes filling out her character sheet.

**erik**:
Then, well, do a recap of ghosts of World War past.

**erik**:
And then we will tie her into the adventure.

**jason**:
Co. minus authored by Jacob.

**erik**:
Yeah, that s exactly right, yeah. Same with Ghosts of World War Past.

**john**:
Is that your son? that? s? yeah, what? Oh yeah, Oh yeah, yeah.

**andrew**:
He didnt do the last photo, did he?

**john**:
Yeah, oh yeah, yeah, he did. Im trying to remember, Wait, what was wasnt he gonna like? Come out in a costume or something?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, I dont know, I mean, he definitely is a type of player. So theyre not making profit. He was making profit, he made the spoon.

**john**:
Yeah, that s what?

**andrew**:
He was gonna poke his head around the corner and take a picture of us.

**jason**:
Hes gonna come up, hes just like hes a dead Taliban guy.

**erik**:
I wanna say that the encounter where Rich stepped on the landmines, yeah, while the sniper was firing, yeah, that was.

**jason**:
That was that, yeah, so what youre saying is hes in your eyes.

**erik**:
Yeah, he learned from the best. Very collaborative, yes.

**andrew**:
What did he think when you told him about how we took the car at the end and were using?

**erik**:
He was a super big fan.

**jason**:
Yeah, yeah.

**erik**:
Yes, when you guys are done with this adventure, I will tell you the thing that he added to this one. So I was just in eastern Washington.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Where about?

**erik**:
Winthrop So we go every year over mid minus winter break to Mazama to go cross minus country skiing.

**jason**:
Oh yeah, I go.

**erik**:
Yeah, this year there was.

**jen**:
I was gonna say, No, not all of them, I mean.

**erik**:
There was enough that we could go, but it was terrible.

**jason**:
Yeah, Im sorry.

**erik**:
Yeah, its okay, that s right? I mean, it was mostly just hanging out with friends.

**jen**:
Yeah, yeah, I have people I know who like that s. Their favorite spot is that, like Winthrop Mazama area.

**jason**:
Like, Yeah, a little town there s really cool.

**erik**:
Yeah, yeah, yeah, so weve been to the same house for seventeen year, go every year for midwinter break. And so, like we, we went with this couple who we were in birthing class with.

**jason**:
Oh, Geez.

**erik**:
And for Kashas birthday No, no, yeah, no for Kasha. And so now the kids that we had were there for the birthing class are now aged out and no longer attending. It makes you feel old.

**andrew**:
Where did you catch up on going to college?

**erik**:
Seattle U.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, awesome.

**erik**:
Oh yeah, yeah, I just got started ten minute ago.

**jason**:
That s pretty cool.

**erik**:
Highly highly recommend. Yeah, we do lunch every Wednesday, every Friday.

**jason**:
Oh, that s awesome.

**john**:
Yeah, great cool, its really cool. I just attended an online information session at Seattle U. I know its tough.

**jason**:
I told you I saw Larry.

**jason**:
Yeah, he says, hi.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
So.

**jason**:
He remembers you, what was he doing? He he reached out to Asha and was just like, Hey, Im Major Nelson, like you, should you know you need my help? Yeah, and she was like, I went.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, from like Minecraft stuff.

**john**:
He gave me my first Xbox.

**andrew**:
Really, yeah, is that for like non minus Minecraft stuff? I wouldnt put it here at my desk.

**jason**:
Oh yeah, they were together not only at Microsoft, but also at unity.

**john**:
He No, that was. He started unity after I left, Oh, he did, Oh, he was at unity.

**john**:
Did he do the same kind of thing? Pretty much he it was like, after all of the huge rounds of layoffs, yeah, they hired him, I mean, he was running community.

**jason**:
Okay, cool, yeah, so he basically hes like pitching her on a job, and, uh, kind of.

**andrew**:
X Box.

**jason**:
Yeah, exactly, and uh um, and uh, and anyway, um, hes like, you know, she asked you, will you say its a good idea? Im like, Yeah, I dont what is it? Im like ill, just say ill, just say it is ID Rather work with you again. Thatd be fun. Yeah, so, um, so yeah, weve been texting back and forth, so, but yeah, he might be coming back. So so maybe ill say you should hire John Short to be, yeah, exactly be the hatchet man. Yeah, I think that would genuinely be a smart move. Yeah, I think so too. I think so too. That would send like immediate signal, yeah.

**erik**:
Even after the change in management.

**john**:
Yeah, yeah, there s so much, yeah, of course, very uncharitable dude, saying yes, and people you know, its a real like, Oh, its never been more clear than Xbox is for sick.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, exactly, I mean.

**andrew**:
Who s the guy that like, invented the Xbox that said that theyre, uh?

**jason**:
Seamus BlacklEy Yeah, yeah, But that guy, its funny, That guy s a super interesting guy, he, uh, he retired like twenty year ago.

**jason**:
So, like he, he retired like even before the three hundred and sixty, I think.

**andrew**:
HEs been in the industry.

**jason**:
No, no, like Hes got like old like one thousand, nine hundred and eighty. Second Microsoft Money.

**jason**:
Hes the guy who found a way to bake Egyptian bread using recovered DNA from like some tomb. Did you ever read about that?

**jen**:
I think I did. This is sounding really familiar, I know about that.

**jason**:
Yeah, have you heard about this too? Yeah, that s that guy. It kind of made the rounds like several years ago, when he did it, where it was like this.

**john**:
Guy Cool.

**jason**:
Yeah, exactly. It is kind of cool, so it was like a total like Jurassic Park thing. Whereas, like using the DNA from this tomb, I was able to like, create a strain of wheat that hasnt existed on Earth in, like, two thousand year. And then I used it to make this recipe, and then so anyway. IM still retired, I.M still the most retired.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, exactly. Youre right, youre right, so kind of sense of.

**erik**:
The Dude from Intellectual Ventures.

**jason**:
Yeah, again. Nathan Merville Yeah, exactly, yeah.

**jen**:
Yeah, I think maybe I caught that because of anything.

**jason**:
Yeah, newly revealed in the Epstein files.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
What?

**jason**:
Yes, really, very much so.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, my gosh.

**jason**:
He was at dinner with all you know, its like one of those things where its like, Yeah, not on the island, but at many dinners.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, yeah, did you guys ever see the documentary? Uh, Tims Vermeer.

**john**:
No, it I, I forget the last name, but it was. It was a dude who Tim, who I want to say. He did like really important foundational stuff at Adobe, but it was like very early tech.

**jason**:
Yeah, right.

**john**:
And this is super eccentric and retired, and got obsessed with Vermeer and with recreating Vermeers paintings.

**andrew**:
Oh, wow.

**john**:
And in doing so, like figuring out the the imaging that he would use because he knew.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Like.

**john**:
He used these elaborate mirrors to basically be able to like trace reality. Yeah, yeah, yeah, and so he was like, I have lots of money and all the free time in the world. And Im, this is my project. An obsessive weirdo in the best way. And so he was just like, Im, im gonna figure this out.

**jason**:
That s great, that s so awesome.

**jason**:
Um, yeah, that s awesome.

**jen**:
Okay, Im done.

**erik**:
All right, Greg, why dont you tell us about your answers a little bit?

**jen**:
Did your character die last time or no way, Baby? My character has been alive forever. Yeah, I am you and I yeah, Jasons character. I couldnt quite remember what our timeline was.

**erik**:
Yeah, that sounds about right, and I feel like you.re all in your kind of mid minus fifty second or early mid minus. Fifty second, Yeah, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
IM.

**jen**:
Fiftyone, but feel dead.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, man.

**jen**:
So Jonas Friday, Jonas Friday, So here s a real question, Yeah, what haunts Jonas Friday? Yes, the mystery that haunts me Jonas Friday obsesses about whether or not we should have killed the children at Cornell. Yeah, yeah, that s true. If we knew, then what we would have done what we know now.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Would.

**jen**:
We have made that decision.

**erik**:
Dr Wesley Cole.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, yeah, right? Dr Wesley Cole. Oh my God, yeah. Crocs never had to face any such moral dilemma. Does Jen know about Fulgor Crockett, otherwise known as Crocs?

**jen**:
That s the thing that haunts me, yeah. In the intervening years, in order to investigate, Ive gotten very into attending seances communing with spirits in order to receive some sort of like spiritual guidance about this from people who are dead.

**erik**:
Yeah, hold on, hold on, well, come back to that in just a second.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Want to keep going, yeah?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Please.

**jen**:
Okay, what, like, what happened, what do I go to like? The shame of Operation Night terror? Yeah, which was Cornucopia House. Wait, was that one or two?

**andrew**:
There s One.

**erik**:
Oh, no, wait, night terrors, that was two, right? That was the Friday night that one doesnt have an in operation name, right? It was never saying shit, it was, yes, off the books. Okay, yes.

**jen**:
So I obviously just dont sleep very much.

**jen**:
But when I do, I always dream of that dog, not like a sad dog, and it always like, wants you to help it. And then when I get close to it.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
It.

**jen**:
Just goes for the throat.

**jen**:
And wakes me up so I just dont sleep very much.

**jen**:
That is my recurring nightmare.

**jen**:
And then in the years since, I have developed a strong bond with the local grocery checkout lady.

**jen**:
I often make grocery trips for the thing that I forgot.

**jen**:
Or for whatever, just so that I can have small talk with her about the weather or her grandkid or the produce.

**jen**:
That s my like, Bottom line.

**erik**:
Okay, so before we do, so in a minute were going to do were going to start with the main. The characters who played in part one doing a calling Anthony Fitzarelli to tell him about how everything went.

**jason**:
I can remember, yes.

**erik**:
And that will be our recap of the whole thing.

**erik**:
So, Jonas, here s the weird thing about the seances whenever you do, not whenever, but let s say seventy percent of the time that you talk to spirits in the seance, right? So thirty percent of the time, nothing right, you talk and youre like, Okay, this person s bullshitting me. There s nobody on the other end of this line. But like seventy percent of the time, you can smell the sugar cookies and every time that you smell the sugar cookies. Whoever on the other end keeps warning you about the red thoughts.

**jen**:
The red thoughts?

**erik**:
Yes, and how you have to stop the red thoughts. And this is like just a thing like its happened like seven or eight times, and it sticks in your craw. What do you do as an FBI agent to try to figure out what those spirits meant, yeah?

**jen**:
As an FBI, I mean, that s a pretty good phrase. So like, Im sure Im going through the FBI databases, like just doing some interesting searches for that phrase.

**jen**:
People who are sort of talking about this.

**erik**:
Yeah, okay, so you find something old and then something new, so tell you about the something old. And then were going to cut to Anthony Pizzarelli. And then we will come back in northern Canada on particularly bad winters in like somewhere in the eighteen to one thousand, nine hundred second. So were talking an age range that s like getting to the modern era, but is like, you know, its still hard winters, occasionally on very hard winters when talks of the Windigo come up and people walking out of their houses during snowstorms because they are so hungry. There are talks about people who would carve pictures of brains into the snow and then would open up. Either the blood of animals often pets or their own arms, and then sprinkle them with blood in the snow and somewhere in the brains. Yeah, I mean, were still, I mean, like, let s say late ish. One thousand, eight hundred second people knew what a brains looked like.

**john**:
Yeah, but I mean, how would they drive in snow? And to the point where somebody would be like that, s a brain?

**erik**:
Oh no, no, so think like packed snow like that. They had packed down and tamped down. Or in the, you know, like a sculpture, yeah, like a sculpture.

**john**:
Snow Sculpture.

**erik**:
Yeah, um, again, but Im gonna call it a sure. And in addition, some of the people who again like walked out and had drawn this in the snow. Um, they would talk about red thoughts and and.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Record of this?

**erik**:
Yeah, for sure, but, and the records are like, You know, um, explorers who would come to an extremer. Yeah, Trappers, people like that would report on it. In addition, at the same time, these people who would talk about red thoughts would always talk about red thoughts, leading to white teeth. All right, Judge is like, Yeah, sounds reasonable. So remember back from last time, all right, so who wants to call Anthony Pizzarelli to report after you killed Danielle Houston?

**john**:
I can do it.

**erik**:
Okay, great, so Anthony gets on the other end of the line and hes like, Uh, it is a total shit show out there. I hope that you have good news for me. This is headlines a day or two before.

**jason**:
I know hes always stressed out.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
What did you find is there something is?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
It something.

**erik**:
That the organization cares about.

**erik**:
All right, go on and tell me.

**john**:
We found who we believe to be one of the kids who escaped from Cornucopia House.

**erik**:
You mean Operation Night terror bullshit?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Was in Gaza? Okay, yeah, some wrinkles. Well, Im trying to remember, Okay, so this Jen. Remember how the picture of the gas attack so he knows, I dont think Youve contacted him. Yeah, and its only been a day or two, it has not been long, so its been like, Well, then ill start. Okay, yeah, yeah, so its a gas attack, maybe you dont.

**jen**:
Travel through TFA with that.

**erik**:
Yes, so notice when the gas attack happens, this is this is before the gas attack, right? This is after the gas attack and after the gas attack. Not here. In the original photo is a World War I era trench. Also found at the scene was barbed wire, but a very specific part of barbed wire wielded by the Germans. At the end of World War I as they started to run out of metal and in addition, this helmet and, um, like.

**jason**:
Ottoman Empire Helmet Is that what youre saying? Yeah, exactly.

**erik**:
Right, so in the middle of World War One, the Germans realized they need to start putting metal on people, s heads and make German helmets. But this one has a little hump in the front that the German one doesnt have. And people used to say that was because the Ottomans would kneel to pray if a meth that people would say, Okay. So those were found at the trench site. Okay, so what did you find? Oh, cornucopia, yeah.

**john**:
So we let me let me back up a little bit. I thought we had talked earlier.

**john**:
So we took the U.N. credentials that you so kindly gave us.

**john**:
We were able to get into Gaza.

**erik**:
And let me just say the fact that you guys disappeared from that group has been a huge headache for me.

**jason**:
The job is hard unavoidable. Yeah, ours is harder, okay?

**john**:
I guarantee you, weve got a worse time.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
As long as you can tell me those results.

**john**:
Okay, for our rubric, yes for Congressional oversight hearing, probably not so much.

**erik**:
Okay, I can work with that.

**john**:
So we get into Godwin, we meet up with the Fixer J.J. and we go to the site of the Gas Tech IM able to get there.

**erik**:
Yep, things start to get a little strange there.

**john**:
Uh, minus, huh? We are almost immediately fired upon by a soldier. And as he got closer to us, we saw that he was had clearly come from earlier in time.

**john**:
He was dressed a rifle like a Turkish World War I soldier.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
That s high, yeah, okay.

**john**:
Yeah, trying to figure out the least weird way to say that, but he was a World War I Turkish soldier.

**jason**:
No one caught him, no one caught him.

**john**:
It was, yeah, very much. So we went to the Tell Cave, which is where that trench essentially was kind of surrounding. Yeah, we got attacked, we found some bodies there that were also curiously untethered from time, it would seem.

**jen**:
Its a very nice way to put it.

**john**:
We went back to the Not the village. Yes, Jabalia, Yeah. We went back to the village to start asking some questions, and that was where things started to get ratcheted up a bit. We started seeing really strange photos of places that we could kind of recognize. But there was something very strange about the photos. Something that visually didnt compute.

**john**:
And there were phenomena that were very similar to what Wed encountered on previous missions. We were able to identify the photographer and about as soon as we did that we saw her. She took a photo of us from a rooftop, and then suddenly it was World War One and.

**erik**:
Sorry, you were talking about in the refugee camp at Jabalia, it was World War I.

**jason**:
After a woman snapped a picture of us.

**jen**:
Was she like specifically looking to take a photo of you guys, or just did like here s the scene? She was like, No, I want that. If the effect of her taking that photo was unintentional, it was very rude, okay?

**john**:
We had to calm down a mob of angry villagers.

**erik**:
So please tell me that civilian casualties were at a minimum.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
They were, Oh.

**john**:
I mean, from us, until the Israelis showed up.

**john**:
I am aware they have a penchant for civilian casualties. Quite their thing. They love it if you want a little more background there. S A Hopefully still sedated and very confused British soldier. Yeah, well, lock him there. Hes in Jabalia, um.

**jason**:
I cut it, I I cut in and I say, No, no, no hes dead. Oh okay, yeah, okay, yeah, sure.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, sure.

**jason**:
You can Carton shoot him? Yeah, we took off his clothes so nobody could tell.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, right, well, exactly what youre supposed to do.

**john**:
So we end up finding the A journalist that we were told regularly worked with Danielle. And as we were doing that, the village started getting shelled.

**erik**:
You mean, like World War I shelled, or you mean like Israeli shelled?

**john**:
Israeli shelled Okay, got it? Modern shelling.

**jen**:
Both bad, very different.

**john**:
As we talked more and more to him, we found out that she is mute. Essentially, he has often acted as her kind of go minus between and interpreter. Uh, minus huh? And it essentially lined up with a lot of the things that other kids, that that. So this is one of these Cornucopia House kids with.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
No language.

**john**:
Yeah, that with no language and with the power to take photos quick, whatever.

**erik**:
You say that right now, the Israelis are invading Gaza because she took a picture of some chlorine gas.

**john**:
I dont think you could put that one on her.

**john**:
I dont, yeah, I think that conflict predates her.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, okay.

**john**:
I think its probably like a real handy excuse.

**john**:
But the gas attack is most likely the result of her taking photos. For what purpose we dont know. Okay, we were able to kind of corner her cross a minefield and, through some acts of bravery, really extreme daring and courage and ingenuity, killed her. Okay, you should.

**andrew**:
Note that she seemed to want to like, Give herself up too, though, right?

**john**:
She wanted to die so.

**andrew**:
Which is, maybe does that seem different than other behavior from Carnucopia House children I.

**john**:
I think it was the first time Youve seen that.

**jason**:
Yeah, yeah.

**john**:
She the only way to end the only way for us to get out alive was to kill her and she explicitly wanted to die.

**erik**:
So was it her, or was it the camera?

**john**:
Unclear.

**john**:
We found packaging from from film, which seemed very normal.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Uh, minus, huh?

**john**:
Nothing seemed at least to to the naked eye to be extraordinary about the camera.

**erik**:
Do you have the camera? I think you guys can say yes.

**john**:
Yeah, yeah, yeah, why we wouldnt, yeah.

**jason**:
We were playing with it.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, um, okay.

**john**:
So we defeated her with the power of.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
The.

**john**:
Mirrors and birds.

**jason**:
Okay, so we sure we did do that you did.

**erik**:
Actually, with the pure with the power mirror and birds, um, uh, do okay. So we have some contacts in, you know, a sister organization minus Ish in Israel. So we will send them in to clean up. Whatever the Israelis dont accidentally take out with artillery fire. Good luck.

**john**:
Yeah, there s probably not going to be much.

**john**:
There wasnt, really, there was very little that persisted, uh, from the rift in time or whatever you want to call it.

**john**:
So as near as pretty much anybody s gonna be able to tell that goes in there its gonna be, you know, normal Israeli violence. And maybe some peculiar cosplayers.

**erik**:
Okay, well, I can definitely work with all of that, um.

**jen**:
Yeah, please eat them.

**erik**:
Okay, so, uh, is this, does that it youre coming home?

**john**:
I hope so.

**jason**:
Yeah, wed like to.

**john**:
We dont want to stick around.

**erik**:
Um, uh, I mean, any loose ends.

**jason**:
Well, you guys killed my cat.

**erik**:
I mean, that was kind of.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
You had a cat.

**john**:
He had you had.

**jason**:
A cat.

**andrew**:
Or isnt it? And then, after all.

**jen**:
Weve been through you keep a pet cat.

**jason**:
I had to burn my bond in order to live.

**jason**:
That tower was pretty insane last time.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
It was pretty crazy.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
And everybody made it out alive.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Maybe we did.

**john**:
I dont think there were any lucents.

**erik**:
You have one lucent, which is there. S JJ there s JJ but no, um, you found an email from her, Um, so when she had gotten the job at the OH.

**john**:
Yeah, there is a weird website.

**erik**:
Yeah, so she had gotten a job at the Free Press, which she was a photojournalist for, and she got the job this.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Didnt occur to me last time. Isnt the Free Press very wise?

**erik**:
Yeah, yeah, the Free Press is very wise its an old magazine. Um, uh, she now runs. CBS News Yeah.

**john**:
Really cool. Oh yeah, super cool first.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I didnt know about pre minus press.

**john**:
Yeah, yeah, that was the thing. She that was the outfit she started after she left The New York Times.

**erik**:
It is a little bright already. Okay, um. So she had gotten the job with the help of this weird online paper mill that writes like papers for kids and because she had no language.

**john**:
That s right.

**erik**:
This dude, Philip Roth, had helped her at this company, called Scribe Life. Four hundred and Twenty to, uh, to get the job right. He had actually shown up and kind of proxied questions to her in the interview. And the the text journalist who was there with her for photography, had said that she had communicated with him a bunch. Or, like whatever I mean, like she doesnt really communicate, um? And the text journalist had started to communicate with Philip Roth as well for her. And in there you found some statements about other kids or young people without language that he was also helping.

**jen**:
Yeah, scribe life four hundred and twenty, how can you forget? Yeah, that was in the letter.

**john**:
Yeah, yeah, it was the journal that mine field that was.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
How the one guy got.

**erik**:
Uh, the journalist, yes, the journalist died.

**jason**:
I love how you remember this stuff, I just read the letter.

**erik**:
Oh okay, um, okay, well, then minus, and also scribe life. Four hundred and Twenty is pretty memorable, so why dont you guys then go and investigate Scribe life? Because if there s other kids out there, they probably have weirdness going on with them too, and we probably need to hunt them all down.

**jason**:
Kill them.

**erik**:
Get rid of them somehow you can capture them. Great. I think Theyll want to die like this one, though.

**jason**:
Yeah, time to roll a little red balloon, they go to the moon.

**erik**:
Okay, so what do you guys do to find Scribe life four hundred and twenty and fill it up?

**jason**:
Well, start with a Google search.

**erik**:
You start with a Google search and you do, in fact, so you search for Scribe Life Four Hundred and Twenty, and you find it, you find references to it in the wayback machine.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Oh, yeah.

**erik**:
So up until about a year and a half ago, it was running.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
A.

**erik**:
WEBSITE And that website was like, You know, ill, write your papers for you. I have a database of old papers. We guarantee that you wont be like accused of plagiarism. And then, about a year and a half ago, there s a message that the website s going down. And that because of AI, the need for paper mills has just gone now. And so Philip Roth signs off and says that hes that hes done so, Jen.

**john**:
Hes going to become a novelist.

**erik**:
Youre as youre so, so you kind of you go from red thoughts to like markers of red brains. And you start to turn up some hits of pictures of specifically like gang gang units in the Washington, D.C. area. And the gang units will regularly take pictures that are time stamped and geolocated of graffiti. Because its a great sign of who staked out what territory in gangs.

**andrew**:
Were they like, Are they just keeping this for themselves?

**erik**:
I mean, its No, no, so this is part of her of an FBI database.

**erik**:
Yeah, no problem.

**andrew**:
Shes not monitoring the gang s actually archiving the things.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
That s right.

**erik**:
So, yeah, so as youre looking, you see amongst the regular crypts and bloods, and whatever you see, a series of Washington, D.C. graffiti that looks just like that.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Could be a walnut.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, that s not a real fuck, though, that s a real one. Can I say the Mare s?

**jen**:
Its really nice.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, you look pretty, um, what do you do?

**jen**:
Uh, how recently were these taken?

**erik**:
Uh, they are all so okay. So its Germ day in February. Twentysix Okay, Twenty Twentysix, Um, and these go from one or two photos, maybe like seven years ago, eight years ago.

**erik**:
And but you definitely see there s ones all the way up through, say, September of last year.

**jason**:
Okay, so recent, though, yep.

**jen**:
Um, well, this is sort of a hidden hobby of mine looking for these things.

**jen**:
Not like I.M. like on mission finding them, so Im going to try to ignore it in my brain for a little while. No pun intended, um, but its going to eat at me.

**erik**:
Okay, correct.

**jen**:
Eventually, I might buy a plane ticket to Washington, D.C. because I want to go see the site.

**erik**:
Where are you located?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Uh, Iowa.

**erik**:
Okay, great, um, okay, uh, the rest of you guys, Uh, you see you did your Google search, you see the wayback machine, you see, Philip Roth definitely associated with it. What do you do?

**andrew**:
So it just kind of stops at that Philip Roth thing that you said.

**erik**:
Yeah, exactly. So. He kind of shuts down after a year and a half ago, and hes kind of claiming that hes shut down by. And I would feel reasonable that Hes shut down by kind of AI.

**andrew**:
Is he totally independent, Did he have any other like funding or backers?

**erik**:
Hmm, um, how do you want to investigate that? Youre, a CIA analyst?

**andrew**:
Im going to go with, like, you know, business, finance, all that kind of shit and untangle all that stuff.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, policies.

**andrew**:
You know.

**erik**:
Right, go ahead and make a poll.

**jason**:
Too many.

**john**:
Oh, just one.

**jason**:
Easy, peasy.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I know right full tower and.

**andrew**:
Uh, Eric made us pull like fucking multiple cards in one night, and John kept on getting by accident.

**jason**:
It was pretty great.

**john**:
Yeah, ID, choose it.

**andrew**:
Yeah, too. If we did get it, we didnt die, we just had to do like multiple pulls.

**john**:
Yep, yeah. And as the Israeli shelling got more and more intense, the number of pulls we had to do increased.

**erik**:
Yeah, you had to do a pull every time you did a pull. Okay, Andrew, you, um, you go and search online and, um, scribe life. Four hundred and Twenty definitely did not pay any taxes, definitely did not file for anything but youre able to cross reference, subscribe Four Hundred and Twenty and its Facebook existence. And then a Philip Roth posting regularly comments and great reviews on the Facebook site for four hundred and twenty. From that, you find his Facebook user, and from that youre able to pull up an address in Washington, D.C.

**jen**:
Really needed to be a CI handler us for that one, huh?

**erik**:
All right, so you guys have an address, what do you want to do?

**john**:
Um, well, I mean, we should look at the address in any databases or anything that we have information about.

**john**:
Just to, Is it a house, is it a business?

**erik**:
Yep, okay, so it is, Um, uh. The address is just an apartment in an apartment complex in D.C. And its not in any way, shape or form a business. These guys probably working out of his house.

**erik**:
Um, yeah, it is not like I mean its not in the best neighborhood in D.C. but its also not in shit.

**jen**:
Yeah, right.

**erik**:
So its like, you know, there s nothing extraordinary, there s nothing extraordinary about it.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
What s our tactical loadouts that s the right question?

**erik**:
All right, what do you guys do?

**andrew**:
How much I cant remember how much like resource wise, do we have? We dont have like control of like satellites, easily like we had to clear a bunch of shit for that kind of stuff.

**erik**:
Exactly all requests to fitzgayerly and like and that, and more or less. The problem is anytime you do that, it just exposes the organization to risk.

**andrew**:
Do we have access? And same thing with, like, traffic cams, all that kind of stuff?

**erik**:
I mean, traffic cams are a lot easier.

**erik**:
Brian Like tasking a satellite that s a big deal.

**andrew**:
Can we do like that lower level kind of surveillance access?

**erik**:
Yeah, sure you do, and I mean, you get photos, you. You youre able to pull his driver license, and so you see him occasionally walk in or out of the building. Not a lot of guests, but, yeah, it really does not seem like there s a lot of guests.

**andrew**:
So we dont know about the graffiti. Just Jen, just Jen, okay?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Cool.

**john**:
Can we do? We have any access to his digital footprint outside of what s public?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Like what?

**john**:
I mean, could we get into his email or anything like that? Yeah, for sure, just somebody s got to make two polls.

**jason**:
Yeah, hes easy to time right now. Yeah, pay off later.

**andrew**:
What about just get access to his Xbox account? Its not that hard.

**erik**:
Yeah, um, so, uh, Scribelife 420com is or IM sorry Scribelife Four hundred and twenty Technicalatmosphere gmail.com. It is mostly his business that dries up a year and a half ago. So there are you go back, you see. But kids asking for papers on Napoleon and whatever you go back a little further and you see an email that looks suspicious to you. And it kind of is like I have some customers who I think you would be interested in and we would be interested in funding. And they all suffer from language deficiencies, and we represent a nonprofit, and this nonprofit supports adult survivors of child onset Aphasia. And we provide job placement services and some fiscal support. And we would like to support you, helping them to fill out applications and write essays. And these people have extremely limited language skills. And if youre interested, you know, please let us know. And he he writes right back, and hes like, Absolutely, im, super interested, um.

**andrew**:
You say child onset or adult onset?

**erik**:
Child on Sorry, okay, and he and so hes like, Yeah, I am super interested. Please let me know, um, and and and then you dont see anything.

**john**:
There s no indication of what the organization is called. I mean, there s.

**erik**:
The email address, the email address, is admin at Cornucopiafoundationorg.

**andrew**:
How long ago was that from?

**erik**:
This is about, uh, two years ago.

**john**:
Um, while were in there.

**john**:
Are there emails to or from Danielle?

**erik**:
There is, you see, is that you do see the emails from Danielle. Um, uh, he reaches out to Danielle, and he kind of says, Hey, I, I was told that, you know, Uh, you could use some help. And, um, whoever s writing back is not her, but says, like, Yeah, you know, were her parents. And, you know, shes a great photographer and were trying to get her a job taking photographs. And do you think you could help? And, you know, there s some back and forth between him and the parents. Because, of course, she does not really have language skills. I mean, shes dead now.

**john**:
I would also like to search for red dots and white teeth.

**erik**:
Yes, you find and make one more pool. Yeah, yeah, exactly pools for everybody, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Easy.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Money.

**jason**:
Yeah, easy money, no whammies, yep.

**erik**:
So Philip has an accountant and Phillips accountant whose name I did not create. And uh, so Phillips, Yeah, so Phillips accountant Im like, why is Philip Roth stuck in my head this whole time? Oh, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Its like right there, exactly.

**erik**:
Yeah, so Phillips accountant, Um, is doing the books for a tenant, because what the app is where Latin even.

**erik**:
So this would be like last March, April. And in there, you see him mention a large growth in revenue for something he calls the Red thoughts account.

**jen**:
Okay, what made you think to look for that?

**john**:
Um, it had come up before.

**jason**:
It came up in the last adventure.

**erik**:
Yeah, so your patron, definitely, um, the the head of your department keeps talking about, like red thoughts and white teeth.

**john**:
Got it?

**andrew**:
Go for your job, yeah, for your civilian job, yeah.

**john**:
My bond.

**erik**:
Yes, exactly his bond. Okay, so, uh, what now? I just want to be clear you guys are currently.

**jason**:
In Afghanistan or Youre in Tel Aviv.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, yeah, yeah.

**jason**:
Yeah, yeah.

**erik**:
Were at the airport. Yeah, uh, what do you guys want to do?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Head back to New York, yeah.

**erik**:
Yeah, I mean, I think definitely head back to the States. Okay, so you guys head back to the states uneventfully. Um, Jen Youre, planning your trip to D.C.

**erik**:
Um, you have a list of locations, um, of the um, of where the graffiti is found, okay?

**jason**:
Were not in contact with each other.

**erik**:
Yet right, unless you want, like, I mean, you guys, we know.

**jason**:
Each other.

**erik**:
I mean, I dont know them, but I know you, yeah, that s right? And you know, and you know him, from night operation, you just dont know. Folgorcroc Yes, Folgorcroc Yes, so if you guys like you guys know Shes, can Hes connected to Cornucopia House? And so it is up to you. If you want to contact him or not. I feel like it would make sense. All right, because.

**john**:
I mean, theoretically, we would know that like if weve kept in any contact at all.

**erik**:
And you guys, I mean, like, Jonas, is a part of your cell.

**john**:
Yeah, it would have come up that, you know, Youre, this hasnt left you youre keeping some amount of tabs on it or keeping it keeping an eye out for things. And like, I think we would bring you up to speed on our adventure.

**andrew**:
Is it in the letters? What was the I think it was? Maybe it was last time you were with us what was on or was the older person that was managing like a or not orphanage, but kind of like a halfway house? And then they were.

**erik**:
King Torinos, Children s Refuge.

**andrew**:
Okay, and then they were trying to kill her, yeah.

**jen**:
With a bear.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, exactly.

**andrew**:
What was on there was her with him like, Why was she just?

**jen**:
She learned how to speak.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Because she wasnt there long.

**andrew**:
That s what it was, yeah, so they thought she like, sold out.

**erik**:
Yeah, yeah, exactly, and they totally turned on her. Yeah, but she survived, but she survived. She has survived because you guys killed the bear.

**andrew**:
Yeah, was that the last time we were all you guys were all together and you would have met?

**jen**:
Was that after the operation?

**erik**:
Night terror I think that was the very tail end of Operation Night terror.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Then, yes, that was a lot.

**andrew**:
Okay, cool, so like that stuff s very like, you know, still like fresh, I guess, like its better than a lot cool, cool.

**erik**:
Okay, so, um, now you guys are in the spot where youre all aware that there is clearly some connection with red thoughts. Connection with Cornucopia House. Some organization now tell me for each of you, Well, just go around, tell me, why is your character feel like Theyve got to get to the bottom of this?

**john**:
I think because there s no telling how many other people are out there, we still dont really know. There s no standard effects that, or you know, that these people have or powers for lack of a better term. So so far, its all been pretty localized, its all been kind of relatively small pockets. But for all we know, there could be kids out there that are grown up. That could have, like, seriously devastating effects on large populations.

**john**:
And either you know, they need to be apprehended or eliminated, or they just havent had any sort of intervention from anybody who knows what theyve been through.

**john**:
So they have no outlet, and the common thread seems to be that that leads to them causing trouble and hurting people. Gotcha.

**erik**:
All right, what about George Fred? And?

**jen**:
He definitely he wouldnt kill one, even if you knew what was going to happen, that s.

**john**:
That s yeah, yeah.

**jason**:
IM full hes psychotic and.

**jen**:
Yeah, that was, yeah, that was very outwardly aware. Um, Jonas Friday, on the other hand, just like is like haunted by this and feels like its a loop that has to close. I dont think Im gonna tell you guys about the Saint.

**jen**:
And like hearing about red thoughts from spirits seems a little weird.

**jason**:
Yeah, dont, keep that one.

**jen**:
To myself, Im gonna leave it in, gonna keep it to myself for a little while.

**jen**:
But Ill just make up something about why I started investigating it because I will show you guys the photos of the graffiti.

**john**:
I think its also like were all united by the kind of thing that that makes us participate in. Things like this like were not being forced to, and the idea that all of this is happening. And while Weve fought it and prevailed a lot of times, we still dont know what the root of it is. You know, we dont know if its fully some interdimensional supernatural shit, or if its more terrestrial. And I feel like that would bother all of us.

**jen**:
Yeah, it also feels like a karmic loop like we made a choice. But now that Karmic Loop has to close in some way and clearly hasnt yet.

**andrew**:
Crocs What about you? Uh, so Crocs? So since he was originally a DEA and then became a briefly a CIA analyst. Or like, You know, that s. His world view is still like, very small, just like, you know, more traditional conservative kind of that stuff. Like, you know, drugs are bad, let s like, protect like this. So having gone to Gaza and seen the fuck, the power, I mean, obviously what he saw with the slugs thing blew his mind. And then going to Gaza and seeing, like, just the sheer power of that one person is like, That cannot happen in America. And you know, we just like, you know, its just determined to like, prevent that great, yeah.

**erik**:
Excellent Bruce.

**jason**:
Sugar cookies is dead.

**jason**:
I have no meaning in life.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, okay, so.

**jason**:
At this point, Im like a nihilist.

**jason**:
I already was trying to kill multiple people. Last adventure.

**jason**:
Now my one bond is gone. Bruce is at the end of the line.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, I agree, all right, so what do you guys want to do?

**jen**:
Maybe, well, see on this whole thing, me a grocery checkout, lady.

**erik**:
That s right, I mean, that feels very, Uh, uh, call a cthulhu just to like rebirth and everything fine.

**jason**:
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.

**erik**:
Okay, so, uh, what you guys want to do to investigate. So now Im going to say, You guys are all together wherever you want to be. Yeah, what do we do?

**jason**:
So we have location for this graffiti.

**erik**:
So you have locations for the graffiti.

**jason**:
So let s put them on, like pinpoint them on a map.

**jason**:
To see if we see anything.

**andrew**:
Great, so what? But so youre obsessed with the graffiti for reasons that we potentially dont know as a reason. Yeah, no.

**jen**:
Well, I mean, you guys are invested, you guys have thought about red thoughts and white this like red.

**john**:
That s more like, just like a passive interest. Well, like we, I think we arrived at the same thing independently.

**andrew**:
Okay, okay.

**john**:
We dont really know the other person s reason, yeah, and Im going to say that its some phrase that has come up in my reviewing of case files. Yeah, yeah, yeah, okay, so D.C. is like this big circle, right?

**erik**:
And you can see that the oldest of the graffiti marks are kinda all over. But in lower class parts of the of neighborhoods, right? And then you see what s clearly like a cluster around one area.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
All.

**jason**:
Right, and.

**john**:
So that s where you see them, where were going.

**jason**:
Yeah, I think we wanted to be on foot walking around.

**john**:
Yeah, yeah, okay, um, well, we should do a little research on the area beforehand.

**jason**:
Okay, yeah, yeah.

**erik**:
So this is not the neighborhood in which Philip Roth lives. And, um, and its not simple for all but its that s its definitely not like, Oh, youre circling in on Philip Roths apartment. Um, you see the so, um, it was in the late Eighty second. It was a very, um, uh, underdeveloped part of town, very urban, a lot of crime. And then over the last few years, kind of gentrification has stuck in like it has in a lot of places. And so now there s like some outdoor malls.

**andrew**:
Yeah, yeah, wait, where s the Exorcist steps.

**erik**:
I have no idea, Um, uh, yeah, and so, but otherwise, let s say there s not like there s nothing that s making you smell sugar cutties, for sure.

**john**:
But like if we go walk around and are looking around were not going to stick out.

**erik**:
Yeah, absolutely not that s exactly right. Yep, you guys will look like some folks walking around.

**jen**:
Yeah, from that weird camera, well.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Look.

**jen**:
Just like tourists.

**erik**:
Yep, does anybody want to investigate the camera?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Uh, I will.

**jen**:
Okay, what do you do to investigate it?

**jason**:
I go to, Uh, this is before I go to D.C. its just like, because I think we flew from New York and then were like.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Youre in New York.

**jason**:
Go back to my apartment.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Uh, minus, huh?

**jason**:
Take a picture of sugar, cookies, litter box. See if it brings her back. Yes, yes, exactly.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Wow, youre way of dealing with the trauma exactly all right? Go ahead and make three pulls as you look through the viewfinder to take the.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Picture of.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
The.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Sugar of sugar cookies.

**john**:
Yeah, you hear a meow.

**erik**:
Oh my God, and and you you like, get kind of excited for a minute and youre like, Yes, this is totally gonna work. I am so brilliant. And then you youre like, Im totally doing this and you go click. And there in the litter box, you see sugar cookies. And she is sitting on top of a World War One Landmine. What do you do? The cat looks at you and is clearly about to jump up on your lap.

**andrew**:
What if the camera it doesnt even like displace, like world time travel stuff, its just it just makes landmines, Yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
What do you do? Jason Well, is it the kind of landmine like, Can I, Indiana Jones it?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I mean.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
So up the cat and put the bag of sand on there.

**erik**:
What object is within your reach that you could do that with a box of kitty litter box of kitty litter, all right, so leftover kitty litter. I will give you two options.

**erik**:
You can jump out the window.

**erik**:
For one, pull.

**john**:
No, you die.

**erik**:
Or or you can kitty litter or you can kitty litter for three pulls. And if you succeed, you get your bond back.

**andrew**:
I mean, you gotta be on back, man, three pulls.

**jen**:
But what if he doesnt succeed, then he dies.

**erik**:
Then he May and the cat die.

**john**:
And then he, then he kills her twice.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, but ill be gone. You got seven more.

**jason**:
Um, um, I hate to take three pulls because I doom my comrades in so doing you do.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yes, you do.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Well, ill. Make it harder for that.

**andrew**:
Oh, its early well, you know, its a high minus stakes moment for Bruce. You want to bet you.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Want to bet excellent? Yeah, just like squishing over there and the cat gets pushed out of the way.

**jason**:
Bruce is still alive, Bruce has his bond.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Bruce is back, Bruce is back. Who do you leave your cat with when you leave for D.C.

**jason**:
Well, this time, Im definitely not calling the agency to help out. I, you know, there s got to be like, I must be friends with some neighbors in my apartment building. I dont feel like there should be a neighbor, do you want?

**john**:
To have those bubble back then.

**jason**:
Yeah, so like I dont think the agency s actively trying to kill my cat.

**erik**:
No, but they dont care, okay, I am not actively planning to kill it, okay, unless I can afford like a rover or something like that. So tell me, Uh, okay, so the person who shows up at your door from from Road Grateful client.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, I don.t know, I dont have any great clients. I burnt them. She was the first bond I burnt was all my immigrants. What was the background of the immigrants that you brought? Were they Somali?

**erik**:
Okay, so the person who shows up at your door is Somali and its not gonna let its. Not one of your, its not one of your clients, but word gets around its a tight, minus knit community. Okay, so you send that person away.

**erik**:
Now you have a bad, Okay, all right, all right, all right, your cat is left with the.

**jason**:
Exactly its A Kids video let s call that, um.

**erik**:
Okay, where were we?

**jason**:
IM back in D.C.

**erik**:
Youre back in D.C.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
My cat s fine.

**erik**:
And my cat s fine.

**jason**:
But you got a lesser driver rating.

**jen**:
Uh, we were about to get, were investigating the camera well, and now we do know.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
That.

**john**:
There is something about the camera.

**jason**:
That s right, that was that s. The other thing. We got a little bit of a truth out of that, didnt we? It creates wind blinds.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Right, its a weapon.

**jason**:
So we have a weapon.

**erik**:
Okay, so youre keeping the camera with you.

**erik**:
You are walking through the streets and you definitely see, like on an underpass. You see this picture, you go around and you find an old abandoned building and you see the same stylized brain in graffiti. Um, but you can see the red area is kind of kind of here, and so its a little bit, but again, its like like.

**jason**:
Its expanding or?

**erik**:
No, no, like its like. It was just somebody. Put the red spray paint on this other area, and so there s some variation there. The the brain doesnt look that different, its very well done.

**andrew**:
Is it a So could we tell? Is it a stencil? So or like that? So because.

**erik**:
Got softer edges than what you see in the picture?

**andrew**:
Got it, got it okay, and.

**john**:
So you think its hand?

**erik**:
Its hand minus done.

**andrew**:
Quick question too sorry about the camera.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, please.

**andrew**:
When youre looking through the viewfinder, is it different, like, is it actually like previewing what the Landmine s gonna be there, or is it just?

**erik**:
So meaning like if you were to like, pick it up and just look at it.

**erik**:
Do you do that?

**andrew**:
Well, Im asking, because he did that, Im asking when he took the picture, did he see any?

**erik**:
What is your recollection, Jason?

**jason**:
Was it or if you guys are listening to? I heard her, but I didn.t see a pre, Yeah, I didn.t really see like a preview. Okay, yeah, yeah, or else I would have seen the landmark, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Probably not.

**jason**:
Click Yeah, I probably would.

**erik**:
Okay, so you are following them, um, and what do you okay? And youre following who youre youre youre like walking around looking for the for the great Yeah, yeah, and Youre, um, and you find on one of the buildings. Its an old abandoned building, its clearly like waiting for somebody else to like. Make an offer on a whole neighborhood, right? Its just being in held and its, like, boarded up. And, um, it clearly has not seen use in a long time, and its got one of these on it. But around the entrance to the building, like the front door, that again, like, Okay. Its not boarded up the door, but its clearly seen better days. You see graffiti of what looks like a set of cats, teeth kind of like in front of the door.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, all right, yeah, yeah, great, let s go in were going in.

**erik**:
All right, you guys, you guys go in. And the entire inside of the building is full of graffiti and whoever s doing it is again, pretty talented. Good at what they do. You see a lot of motifs of these like brains with red marks. You see a whole collection along one of the walls that looks like one of these brains with red marks. But then has, like, almost like when people are tracking their prison days and they do like scratches on the wall that are like.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
One, two, three, four.

**erik**:
Yeah, exactly. See one that s got two hash marks and its inside what looks like a metal cell. And again, you see, like five or six of these, and then you see some pictures on the wall that are these red brains and out of them are coming. This, like pair of canine predatory teeth, you hear the sound of spray paint being sprayed in another room.

**jason**:
Go in, I go in.

**erik**:
All right, you walk in and you see a young man in his early twenties got open sores on his arms. He is not in good shape. He smells, um, he is right behind what s clearly like. A bunch of old found garbage candles that have all been laid kind of around a part of the wall and theyve all been lit. And you can tell because there s wax flowing onto the floor. Um, and then above that is a very old, faded picture. And the picture is of five childish stick figures and each one s got a mark. And one of them has a mark where you were chipped and one of them has a mark where you were chipped. And you guys have definitely seen this picture before on the wall in Cornucopia House.

**jen**:
Okay, you and me.

**jen**:
We go in, Im gonna let these two wait outside.

**jen**:
Let s scoop this poor kid. All right were gonna go in and pretend were gallerists.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
All right.

**jen**:
And then were looking for.

**jason**:
Yeah, the genius.

**jen**:
Yes, like were looking for whoever is making them because we, really we want to like, make them famous.

**jason**:
Love it.

**jen**:
Get them money for their talent.

**erik**:
Okay, are you? I can imagine you going in one of three ways. One way is like, you want to be silent and surprise them, not that way.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
That way?

**erik**:
One way is you want to go in making noise so that they know youre there.

**erik**:
Okay, so you walk in youre making noise, Youre declaring an.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Im like going in I.

**jason**:
Oh, is this where, where, where is the genius? Oh, and then and then I, you know, then we pause, and we see him its like, Whoa, the genius is right in front of us.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, so when you get to the room.

**erik**:
He is hiding behind an old, moldy sofa.

**jason**:
Okay, does he know that weve seen him or?

**erik**:
So he heard you guys, Yeah, you come in, you dont see him at first, Yeah, okay, and you see him step out. And is just like White as a ghost.

**erik**:
Stares at both of you, then takes a knee.

**erik**:
Then takes another knee, then puts his hands on the ground, then lays down, Kowtowing with his face on the like. Rough, cold, dirty cement.

**erik**:
And then while hes laying down, you see him reach up to his mouth and pulls out and just holds up to you a pair of dentures.

**jen**:
Do we think that this is one of the kids?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, for sure.

**jen**:
Do we think that this kid knows who we are?

**jason**:
Seems like he thinks were God, maybe we should shoot him.

**john**:
It makes you wonder if he if hes drawing the five stick figures that have the corresponding wounds.

**john**:
Does he know who we are or does he?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Just.

**john**:
Know that theyre, uh.

**erik**:
So the the wounds on the three people that arent these two, yeah, dont correspond with where your guys and which his marks are.

**jen**:
Those people are dead.

**erik**:
Theyre all dead its for the.

**jason**:
Two of us, we are the rescuers. I say, Rise my child, what does he do?

**erik**:
So he is literally shaking and just laying there and holding those dentures up.

**john**:
Which is pulled out of his mouth even after.

**jason**:
I tell him to get up, he doesnt do it.

**john**:
He does not. Okay, I say, Uh.

**erik**:
Do you guys call your friends in?

**jason**:
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, might as well come on in here and see this and then, well say, listen. That drawing that he has the missing people on it are some old friends of ours, our fallen comrades, our fallen comrades. Yeah, one of thems name is stucks, or whatever can we can sort of like, put it on him. There was a chest, there was definitely the chest. Yeah, intimidating and like, kind of, no, its different okay, yeah, sort of like puts them in as being somewhat.

**erik**:
You hear some whimpery sounds come out of his mouth, none of.

**john**:
Which are understandable and theyre only one. Yeah, yeah, for sure. What ill go up to him. Uh, minus, huh? And he said he has like open sores. Yep, ill take.

**erik**:
Out My first aid kit Where is your mark? I dont remember it should be actually on the sheet. I think, Oh yeah, it is, uh, along my jaw, Okay, you stand up and you start to like, look at his wounds and you get ready with some paste. And he reaches out with his thumb and he traces your scar and then he walks over to the wall and he just.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Like.

**erik**:
Writes out with charcoal like a like an artist charcoal stick. But his little mub and he like scratches out the one that s on his shoulder and he draws a red one on the jaw of. On the face of the of that same person cool, then you, uh, then you start treating his wounds.

**john**:
Yeah, that s like the eighteenth least weird thing that s happened to me since you joined this group.

**erik**:
You should be super glad that rich isnt here, because then there would be some buddies involved.

**jason**:
Oh, his little, yeah.

**john**:
I could do it like that. Okay, so.

**jen**:
What do you guys want to do? I dont know what to do. I mean, we cant like, can we communicate with this kid in any way like through drawings? Also, what do we want, What do we even want to do? I dont know, were just trying to find out what.

**andrew**:
Well, you want to know why if hes doing the brain graffiti, why is that important? Yeah, like, why not like, be like, What do you do that also?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, youre closer in age to him than we are.

**andrew**:
But Jonas, Friday is the one that knows about any of the Wendigo stuff you were talking about right now. And we just assume Shes told us all of that.

**jen**:
Yeah, I know what Ive told you.

**andrew**:
Okay, cool, cool. And to be clear, that s do we know what like the Wendigo folklore is? Or we just heard the word about Wendigo.

**john**:
No, I mean, you guys would have known.

**andrew**:
Okay, so its like kind of like elk minus like, like Native American spirit stuff, right?

**erik**:
It is also primarily its very northern and is considered the personification of hunger.

**andrew**:
Okay, got it, got it, but there s no feline stuff associated with it.

**john**:
Not at all. Okay, Okay, cool, okay. Wendigo is kind of bigfooty, right? Yeah, so Im actually right. Sure, I think its like a elk beast, though. I thought, Yeah, I only think of that because of the movie. Yeah, and I picture the polar bear from the terror. Oh yeah, that s a good one. yeah, that s a good one. Um, okay, anything else you guys want to do here? Or are we done with this kit? I mean, I dont know what else to do with him. Yeah, I feel like leaving him. Where do we go from there? Yeah, and.

**jen**:
Also, if hes one of those kids, yeah, like he has to be contained in some way.

**jason**:
Yeah, I mean, we should kill him, didnt we say that we want to kill him all?

**jen**:
You know, like you said, Okay, um, do we have like contacts in the D.C. area? Can we take him somewhere that he you could definitely call in?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Anthony Pizzarelli, If you want.

**jason**:
I was gonna say we might want to ask Pizzarelli.

**jason**:
Let s step outside, call Pizzarelli and say, Weve got this kid here, who doesnt seem to be like a harm, right? Causing harm. Hes just drawing brains, hes right, red thoughts, white teeth.

**jen**:
I dont know.

**jason**:
Ill hurt his teeth.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Hes just one of the, Yeah, this is one of the cornucopia. Yes, right?

**jen**:
Yeah, yeah, we think.

**erik**:
Okay, great hell, pick them up and, you know, within like an hour or two, um.

**jason**:
What are you gonna do with them?

**erik**:
Uh, you know, well, hold them for questioning, and, well, make sure that.

**jen**:
How do you question someone who doesnt have language?

**john**:
We have ways I was thinking of this. WENDIGO Yeah, yeah, I used to love Alpha Star.

**jason**:
I was going to say Alpha Flight, Alpha Flight, Yeah, Alpha flight flight. WENdigo Yeah, yeah.

**andrew**:
Is that something of an X minus count? I think I would.

**erik**:
So I am definitely not going to take custody of this kid. And then just shoot them, dont worry.

**jason**:
All right, that is what youre going to do, IM.

**erik**:
Totally not going to do that. Are you going to put them?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
In a wood chipper, no, no, no.

**erik**:
Look, we have a location in upstate New York that s going to be a farm, its like a farm, its very nice. And, well, send them there. You can hear the police sirens now because Anthony has already tracked your phone location and is on the way.

**jen**:
Do we let the kid go? Do we tell him to run well?

**jason**:
Fitzgerald has always been on the F and up. What do you do? Jen? I think we, I think we made a mistake, but Bruce doesnt care.

**andrew**:
You guys mised. He wants to, you know, he wants to.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Im going to tell the kid to run, Yeah, or just pantomime the running.

**john**:
You pantomime running.

**jen**:
Well, hes going to hear the sirens and get real spooked.

**andrew**:
They can hear they just cant talk, right?

**erik**:
That s true, but they dont hear, they dont understand language, they dont know language, they cant speak to them, and they, yeah, theyre not just mute, they cant read. You look at a feeble, feeble mouth.

**jen**:
Yeah, feeble, feeble mouth.

**erik**:
Okay, so you do that and you point, go ahead and make a pull. So Pizzarelli is sitting at his desk.

**jen**:
IM already regretting this decision, but also not regretting it.

**erik**:
So Pizzarelli is sitting at his desk that night and starts to write down, and hes just like, Got his notebook open. Hes like Jonas Friday question Mark, too soft question mark, question Mark.

**jen**:
Wait, I told Pizzarelli, Youre Pizzarelli.

**jen**:
I told you, but if you come in here with sirens, this kid is obviously gonna run. He got spooked and he ran and there was nothing we could do about it. Because Im a Fiftyone year old man, I cant chase that little sprite down.

**erik**:
So that s why Youre not taken in. But he has his questions, and his questions are like, too soft controlled by the entity. Question Mark Ally or Foe? All right, Pizzarelli says to you, or sorry in the moment, says to you guys, All right did.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
You, um?

**erik**:
Uh, have you completed your investigation of Scribe life? We need to find if there s more of these kids.

**jason**:
We got distracted.

**erik**:
All right, well, then get the hell at it. We dont know what these kids are doing out there.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I only knew there was one of them we could talk to. Why dont you tell us, Uh, hey, Fitzreilly.

**jason**:
Why dont you after you debrief that kid? Tell us what you learned?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I would totally do that.

**erik**:
Absolutely expect a report. All right, great.

**john**:
I would appeal to Fitzerellis sense of just logic that this is the first person that they have in custody, that we have theoretically been able to apprehend alive, absolutely.

**erik**:
No, he will agree with you. Hes very interested in draining that white sponge dry and then making sure that it never gets anyone wet again that s his job.

**john**:
Im just saying, Yeah, you dont need to kill him.

**erik**:
Um, your conscience can be clear about this.

**john**:
Uh, you say, that doesnt make me feel any better.

**jason**:
So what Eric would you say are our leads on investigating Script D Four hundred and Twenty or whatever.

**erik**:
Um, so you have his address, I think that s your best lead.

**jen**:
Yeah, let s just go talk to old scribe, four hundred and twenty.

**jason**:
Yeah, he gives us his teeth.

**jen**:
Scribe, Lord.

**erik**:
Scribe Life Four hundred and twenty all right. You guys pull up to his apartment building and, um, ring the the little buzzer. Because its like, you know, one of those, like multi minus unit apartment buildings. Um, uh, and from the other side, you hear somebody coughing and not like in a super unhealthy way. But theyre definitely like, got something stuck in their throat and theyre like, Yeah, can I help you?

**jen**:
Uber Eats.

**jason**:
Yeah, exactly.

**erik**:
I mean, hold on one second you guys let in and he is meeting you at the door in his bathroom. And hes like You guys dont have beer. So I, I put my hand on the chest, I kind of push it and we can all make our way in.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Great.

**erik**:
You guys are now, it is, um, it is a super nondescript apartment. Yeah, you know, he was running a business out of a computer and like, What is he doing? Hes like writing papers. Hes maybe got some hard drives full of old essays.

**erik**:
And hes like, What the hell is this, man?

**jason**:
Well, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I, I paid up already.

**jason**:
So, um, we are part of the are you?

**erik**:
Look, man, Im just trying to get by here.

**john**:
Who did you pay, I mean?

**erik**:
Okay, look, man, and you can see him like Hes looking over at the joint. That is, like currently burning down next to him. And hes like, Look, I, ever since this AI thing hit, Man, I dont always have the money for what I need. And so, like, Are you guys not from Tony?

**jason**:
It might be well put that on the shelf for a moment.

**jen**:
Uh, minus, huh?

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Uh, you helped out some orphans a bit ago. Orphans is it orphans? No kids with, yeah, but theyre adults now. Yeah, you helped out some kids at the phase yet. Oh yeah, man, that is a yeah, that is a super great thing. I did tell me everything you did, are you going from the press? Oh yeah, yeah, it grabs the joy and hes like, Start smoking it again, and hes like, Yeah, so look, I had this foundation. They were called. I forget cornucopia or something. They help little kids whove grown up, but they cant speak, they cant understand. And, you know, like, Do you have the? Did they like? send you stuff, like, Did they? The kids? Now? No, they cant talk at all, they cant even know the foundation.

**jason**:
Like, how did you get connected with the kids like, Did they give you their addresses?

**erik**:
Oh yeah, totally, yeah.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Which one? Yeah, they would, yeah, computers.

**jason**:
Theyd come to your place.

**erik**:
Yeah, exactly. They would come to my place and they would show up, and then I would just write stuff for them, right?

**jason**:
Show me, show me everything you wrote for them.

**erik**:
So like he goes into his laptop, yeah, and um, and Hes got a folder there. And it says the red thoughts account.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
There you go.

**erik**:
And he pulls up and there. S Um, uh, you can definitely see a file for Danielle Houston.

**erik**:
And then you see a file like maybe eight or nine more files.

**erik**:
And hes like, Yeah, like, Look, you know, Danielle, she was amazing, like I have photos from her. That literally, you would not believe.

**jason**:
Show me.

**erik**:
You wouldnt okay. Hes like great, and he, like he reaches into a cardboard box and hes like pulling through, looking for stuff.

**jason**:
So you didn.t keep all of all of their stuff is not just in these file folders.

**erik**:
Well, I mean, like most of them. But she took my picture, man, and I was all like, Yeah, shes like, Hes crazy. Its like some cosplay stuff. And he, he like, he pulls it out.

**erik**:
And there he is, and, um, and hes dressed in some kind of disco, go minus go outfit.

**erik**:
And hes like, Yeah, she really brought out the best in me, it was amazing.

**jason**:
I love it.

**jason**:
We are going to take this cooler.

**john**:
Uh, minus, huh?

**jason**:
Were never going to return it. Um, if you tell if you tell anybody about this, Tony is gonna come and kill you, hes gonna shoot you in the head.

**erik**:
This is some seriously heavy shit.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
With Antonio.

**jason**:
I Bruce puts the, um, Bruce puts the folder in his suit coat and starts walking out the door.

**jen**:
I mean, do we want to grab the computer?

**jason**:
Sure, yeah, yeah, absolutely.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
All right, yeah, were.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Taking this, too.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, he is like I.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Got a joyous lad and im like, Swish it out.

**jen**:
Hes like Dad, its not cool man, and hes like down on the ground, like trying to get the buds back and like, Okay, we go back to our hotel, you guys are back in your hotel.

**jen**:
I cant believe this is just like a Stooge guy.

**jason**:
Yeah, exactly. Its a minor functionary.

**erik**:
Yeah, okay, okay, so what you see is a whole bunch of people, so there s two sets of documents. First of all, there is a set of payments from Cornucopia Foundation.

**jen**:
That s great. Follow the money.

**erik**:
Yes, and so they are there, s eight of them, and they all occur. Shortly after. He helps each of the people in the folder, except for Danielle.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Does it have their address? So it does not? Oh, sorry, what do you mean by there like? Is it? Is it like a check like a stub?

**erik**:
You mean Cornucopia House, is that, yes, sir, I thought you meant the kids.

**john**:
No, no.

**erik**:
Yeah, yeah, so it does have an address for Cornucopia House Theyre on K Street. And, yeah, I know, like it seems like theyre using an accounting. They have a bank account. They are doing the things that nonprofit foundations do, and each of the other people who are not Danielle are not. These like super sophisticated theyre, like people who, in his own notes are like, looked like they were on really hard times and the foundation got all of them. Jobs with some security group, that does like night guards and stuff where youre probably not going to need very much.

**john**:
Right, and what is the group called?

**erik**:
Its called the Red Talk Security Solutions out of.

**jen**:
What, man?

**erik**:
Out of El Paso, Texas.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
No, not El Paso. Again, weve been to it.

**erik**:
You havent been.

**jason**:
Well, weve been to Texas, right? I showed up, yeah, I showed up and died.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
That s what I thought, yeah.

**erik**:
Yeah, exactly that s.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
What I thought.

**john**:
We went out there, though.

**erik**:
Yeah, Kathy Kathy Houghton, you didnt, but you. There was a sheriff in El Paso who found her and then Anthony Pizzarelli when he wouldnt drop the investigation because he called middle. Uh, Maryland State Patrol, which is what started Operation Night Terror. And when he wouldnt let it go, Anthony Pizzarelli had him.

**jen**:
And shes the one that had the notebooks with our names.

**erik**:
That s right, that s exactly right, yep, and so he had called and asked him about it. And there you go, Yeah, Um, no. He was framed for child porn and sent to jail.

**andrew**:
The other guy was for embezzling.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Yeah, we did not, yeah.

**andrew**:
But he was an this guy, one of them was like an okay guy.

**erik**:
Yeah, yeah, yeah, I dont think you ever met him, but I, um, okay, hold on, let me see what else we find. Okay, um, yeah, so he thinks that theyve all either had. So its clear that Philip thought they all either had strokes or brain tumors or something that would cause very childhood. Uh, child Aphasia, which he had never even heard of. Right, yeah, yeah, um.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Uh.

**erik**:
Let s see.

**jen**:
The weird thing of those was like, Why would he need to get them? Jobs at Red Fox whatever if Cornucopia is already involved with Red Fox, so.

**erik**:
Some reason, one of the notes says, that part of the process of getting the job at Red thought involves some kind of security background checks. And hes just talking about how hes helping to get around that, um.

**andrew**:
So wait, so post Cornucopia House like burning down, yeah, the like entity of Cornucopia House still exists, its not.

**erik**:
Cornucopia House This is cornucopia fending.

**andrew**:
Sorry, okay, but so that, but so that still is.

**erik**:
That is a thing that is address on K Street, which I guess you guys are not super far from Zion, Maryland, where Cornucopia House was.

**andrew**:
Okay, yeah, but the Cornucopia Foundation has come up since then.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Okay, this is the first youve heard of it, okay.

**erik**:
Okay, um, let s see what else you see a note on one of them. Which is for a a woman lady named Linda, who is one of these like kids without language, one of these aphasic kids. Um, and Hes kind of taking notes about how you know how hes going to get them a job. And then you see some really creepy footnote, just kind of very casually starting to veer off into her physical appearance and how shes super friendly. And then it doesnt seem to go anywhere.

**jen**:
Well, I mean, Im gonna go find these kids right.

**john**:
And here, at this point, weve got names.

**john**:
And we know about red box security, so you have red box security, look into them and see any paper trail that you need to.

**erik**:
Yep, yep, okay, so what you want to do to find them?

**john**:
Um, I would think we would use the same databases we did to find old Port Base complaint there.

**andrew**:
Is this the security for I like they.re like theyre placing these security people at different businesses kind of thing.

**erik**:
Yeah, exactly, so you, I mean, like that s. What it seems like is that theyre like a contract security firm. That would then.

**andrew**:
Could we see like, Yeah, what businesses have hired them, yes.

**jen**:
Yeah, all right, let s do some research, so its about security.

**erik**:
Yeah, Andrew, go ahead and make a poll.

**andrew**:
Okay, guys, I just want you if you cant see it because from my angle, its kind of wobbly.

**jen**:
I cant I keep feeling like my, its my glasses, but it feels like the tower is leaning and really heavy it is.

**andrew**:
After your pulse, its been a little wobbly. It do be wobbling. I feel like it needs. Yeah, it needs weight a little on that, sorry.

**jen**:
Get these yards away from it. Okay, red.

**erik**:
Thought Security System is a company filed in Delaware.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Of course.

**erik**:
And is owned by another corporate entity.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Of course.

**erik**:
That is owned by another corporate entity that is filed out of the Cayman Islands. And before long, you are lost in.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
A.

**erik**:
Paper trail that has no end. What you do know is that the law firm that created them is called Crown Ridge and Loot and Root LLP. You find no records of any clients at all whatsoever.

**jen**:
For Crown Ridge and Root.

**erik**:
No for red thought security.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Sounds okay.

**erik**:
Trying to identify and find records in the database for kids, go ahead and make another poll.

**andrew**:
So just to be clear, the way where we got here was from we found out ex kids we knew from the house were somehow getting like roped back into what they thought were jobs, but it really was. It was kind of like this company was trying to, like sneakily, get the kids back into working for them.

**erik**:
I know its very hot about that or something, whatever this Cornucopia Foundation is.

**andrew**:
Okay, but theyre under the guise. The kids are we presumably, um, they dont know that we know its Cornucopia foundation, they dont know its any.

**erik**:
I have no idea, Okay, okay.

**andrew**:
Yeah, yeah, yep, okay, but these are to be for X kids from the original, Yeah.

**erik**:
All you notice they would be about the right age that theyre aphasic.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Got it, got it.

**erik**:
And I.

**john**:
Think that actually helped you out?

**erik**:
And you find that they have that. These eight kids have no identifiable record. Whatever names they came to scribe life for Twenty with they that that s exactly right.

**john**:
And there s no record on Phillips computer of I mean, there would have to be some record of what their name was.

**erik**:
Yeah, you find names for each one.

**john**:
But then, once, once he, once he helped them get a job. Yeah, they disappeared.

**erik**:
They just disappeared. They go to red thought security systems and now they are nowhere in any system.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
I think.

**jen**:
Its time to go to the source Yeah, now go to the Cornucopia Foundation.

**jason**:
Where are they located?

**erik**:
They are located on K Street in Washington, D.C. their address right back lobbyists.

**jason**:
I do want to wrap up soon.

**erik**:
Okay, so well, call it there for tonight.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Great.

**erik**:
And we will take it from there. All right, thank you.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
All right, awesome.

**Indeterminate_Speaker**:
Great.

**jen**:
All right.

**john**:
Nice, nice.

**jason**:
Whose card was it?

**erik**:
Oh, its the one right next to it. I feel like you guys, really. I think its a super interesting psychology, the typical aversion you guys have to pulling cards.

